other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
other_place: Control Arch hills
other_place: Utils
other_place: lab
other_place: lafarge
other_place: base station
other_place: HCI kitchen
other_place: Basement
other_place: B Level
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: beach
other_place: sbpl
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: work
other_place: robolounge?,
other_place: CMU soccer fields
other_place: my house
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: subway
other_place: campus
other_place: college
other_place: movies
other_place: movies
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: men's restrooms
other_place: men's room
other_place: restroom
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinal
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: urinals
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: stall
other_place: restroom
other_place: stall
other_place: Bathroom
other_place: upstairs
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: PRL
other_place: prl
other_place: nsh
other_place: prl
other_place: grad school
other_place: grad school
other_place: Argo
other_place: Subway
other_place: campus
other_place: your place
other_place: NSH
other_place: inoodles
other_place: kitchen
other_place: robotics department
other_place: tepper
other_place: on campus
other_place: campus
other_place: class
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: house
other_place: campus
other_place: ptl
other_place: ghc 3rd floor,
other_place: 4th floro
other_place: PRL
other_place: Lennon lounge
other_place: home
other_place: basement
other_place: home
other_place: bed
other_place: your place
other_place: lab
other_place: basement
other_place: level B
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: Commons
other_place: campus
other_place: Commons
other_place: Commons
other_place: Line
other_place: highland
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: the office
other_place: lab
other_place: Underground
other_place: gates
other_place: 4th floor,
other_place: my room
other_place: morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: Lab
other_place: lab
other_place: gates atm
other_place: 4th floor
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: Wean
other_place: outside morewood
other_place: cut
other_place: Shore
other_place: Lab
other_place: the underground
other_place: the underground
other_place: home Depot
other_place: room
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Gates Hillman Center
other_place: Supply Station
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Viviana
other_place: uc
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: hunt
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: Backstage
other_place: Entrance of uc
other_place: apteka
other_place: your place
other_place: Union grill
other_place: OE
other_place: office
other_place: inoodle
other_place: office
other_place: morewood
other_place: top shelf
other_place: la prima
other_place: Midway
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: studio theatre
other_place: My place
other_place: your place
other_place: Forbes and more wood
other_place: nearby
other_place: the computer lab
other_place: testing room
other_place: children's school room
other_place: computer lab
other_place: building
other_place: psych computer lab
other_place: Byrd Cuba A411
other_place: town
other_place: home
other_place: chipotle
other_place: chipotle
other_place: uc
other_place: airport
other_place: Campus
other_place: airport
other_place: airport
other_place: MPK
other_place: Mpk
other_place: Comedos tacos
other_place: Ascend
other_place: Mr smalls
other_place: home
other_place: the great Allegheny passage
other_place: restaurant
other_place: country
other_place: Lilly's room
other_place: repair shop
other_place: bio department
other_place: europe
other_place: MARS
other_place: mars
other_place: Dayana
other_place: middle east
other_place: gym
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: basement of trees
other_place: pool
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: downstairs
other_place: CVS
other_place: bacl corner
other_place: market
other_place: Jammie
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Peterson
other_place: peterson events center
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: Lothrop
other_place: market
other_place: Market rn
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: Lawrence computer lab
other_place: lower lounge
other_place: class
other_place: market
other_place: room
other_place: The Capital Grille
other_place: market
other_place: gym class
other_place: earth
other_place: market
other_place: Market
other_place: market
other_place: campus
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Popeyes
other_place: Science museum
other_place: Waterfront
other_place: back alley
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: fulll weight gym
other_place: highschool
other_place: arby's
other_place: arbys
other_place: noodle uchi
other_place: oishii
other_place: hotel
other_place: southside
other_place: parlor
other_place: market
other_place: jail
other_place: market
other_place: market
other_place: southside
other_place: market
other_place: Asia
other_place: market
other_place: laundry
other_place: Moldova
other_place: Dayana
other_place: Post 1
other_place: southside
other_place: city
other_place: council
other_place: city
other_place: west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: Capitol
other_place: north into the forest
other_place: city
other_place: North
other_place: city
other_place: 200 ft further
other_place: city,
other_place: city
other_place: city
other_place: the west
other_place: west
other_place: capitol
other_place: market
other_place: dungeon
other_place: dungeon
other_place: MARS
other_place: route 3
other_place: high school
other_place: room
other_place: trees
other_place: Ascend
other_place: trees
other_place: work
other_place: living room
other_place: Purdue
other_place: class
other_place: Africa
other_place: CMU
other_place: therapy
other_place: my own space
other_place: space
other_place: there
other_place: Vintage fair,
other_place: 102
other_place: 403
other_place: abp
other_place: class
other_place: homw
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: up
other_place: down
other_place: Morewoo
other_place: west wing cluster
other_place: the uc
other_place: Evgefstos
other_place: Purnell
other_place: food trucks
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: Tartan truck
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: class
other_place: the uc
other_place: UC
other_place: in line
other_place: evgefstos
other_place: in line
other_place: room
other_place: poolside
other_place: by the window
other_place: in class
other_place: Anderson Playground
other_place: lounge
other_place: UG
other_place: school
other_place: morewood
other_place: IS
other_place: salud juicery
other_place: mudge
other_place: Idella
other_place: Idella
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: Stephenie hall
other_place: uc wean commons
other_place: uc wean commons,
other_place: room
other_place: Morewood
other_place: room
other_place: house
other_place: cuc 11
other_place: praews house
other_place: studio
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: uc storage
other_place: praews house
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: uc
other_place: city of angels
other_place: design studio
other_place: door
other_place: campus
other_place: design studio
other_place: uc
other_place: uc
other_place: uc blackchairs
other_place: home
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: hallway
other_place: campus
other_place: chute
other_place: xhute
other_place: home
other_place: place
other_place: place
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: uc
other_place: cia garage,
other_place: home
other_place: OH
other_place: chute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: hunt
other_place: Donde
other_place: cluster
other_place: basement
other_place: campus
other_place: liquor store
other_place: booth
other_place: 2nd floor
other_place: vhairmans
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: gesling
other_place: uc
other_place: campus
other_place: home
other_place: cqmpus
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: house
other_place: hunt
other_place: uc
other_place: home
other_place: People stick
other_place: uc
other_place: beep.bop
other_place: uc
other_place: mcconomy
other_place: my apartment
other_place: Campus
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: school
other_place: room
other_place: basements
other_place: in the back,
other_place: home
other_place: Lorrie park mall,
other_place: boat
other_place: sake bar
other_place: lawrenceville
other_place: door
other_place: 309
other_place: door
other_place: basement
other_place: downstairs
other_place: geagle
other_place: 2008
other_place: venues
other_place: Large church
other_place: church
other_place: home
other_place: car
other_place: UC
other_place: uc and praews
other_place: lab
other_place: rolls
other_place: district
other_place: french quarter
other_place: home
other_place: campus
other_place: storage room
other_place: UC
other_place: school
other_place: class
other_place: bookstore
other_place: silk road
other_place: UC
other_place: UC- storage
other_place: Cristine
other_place: restaurant
other_place: office
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: room
other_place: uc storage
other_place: benedom
other_place: The Trust's theaters
other_place: bus stop
other_place: Hailee
other_place: MM bus stop
other_place: my place
other_place: My house
other_place: campus
other_place: stever
other_place: Wean 5302
other_place: Hill 4
other_place: buggy showcase
other_place: tri delt
other_place: burgatory
other_place: Osborn
other_place: HOUSE
other_place: drawing class
other_place: Osborn
other_place: office
other_place: class
other_place: Tepper 227
other_place: Classroom
other_place: wean
other_place: scaife
other_place: basement
other_place: studios
other_place: home
District: 
other_place: office
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: house
other_place: school
other_place: house
other_place: buggy
other_place: 1043
other_place: campus
other_place: office
other_place: uc storage
other_place: office
location: exit row
other_place: pattaya
other_place: pedestrian cross walk
other_place: bitec
other_place: 6500
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: world
other_place: Mid city
other_place: Coop's place
other_place: Jenifer Imo's cafe
other_place: restaurant
other_place: outside
other_place: outside
other_place: home
other_place: Siam
other_place: buggy
other_place: sdc
other_place: sdc
other_place: home
other_place: phils
other_place: health services
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: beeler
other_place: Lorene's house
other_place: on campus
other_place: Byrd Cuba
other_place: tako
other_place: box office
other_place: pamelas
other_place: pamela's
other_place: Hailee
other_place: Chipotle
other_place: little asia
other_place: Hailee,
other_place: gym
other_place: gym
other_place: UC
other_place: praew
other_place: asia
other_place: home,
other_place: tent
other_place: tent
other_place: bus stop
other_place: bk
other_place: eden bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: salud
other_place: hello
other_place: eden
other_place: beeler
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: morewood
other_place: class 430
other_place: campus
other_place: mudge
other_place: hunt
other_place: home
other_place: mudge
other_place: ONIB
other_place: house
other_place: storage room
other_place: blackchairs
other_place: Telly's studio
other_place: kamikazi
other_place: hunt
other_place: CFA
other_place: DTD
other_place: A Phi O
other_place: UC garage
other_place: aphi booth
other_place: tennis court
other_place: home
other_place: class
other_place: asian market
other_place: asian market
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: lotus
other_place: office
other_place: law school
other_place: law school
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Hello bistro
other_place: hello
other_place: hello bistro
other_place: Fuku
other_place: Hello
other_place: Next to The Porch,
other_place: home
other_place: busstop
other_place: mw,
other_place: @ bus stop
other_place: morewood bus stop
other_place: at bus stop
other_place: MW bus stop
other_place: the art store
other_place: Mellon Institute
other_place: home
other_place: home
other_place: 5th Idella apartments
other_place: your floor
other_place: Patrons
other_place: campus
other_place: uc
other_place: UC
other_place: silk road
other_place: uc
other_place: studio
other_place: Uc
other_place: UC
other_place: UC
other_place: Morewood
other_place: stairway
other_place: cmu
other_place: uc
other_place: outside
other_place: OH
other_place: OH
other_place: campus
other_place: OH
other_place: In the cart
other_place: room
other_place: class
other_place: Seoul Mary
other_place: storage room
other_place: home
