person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
person: donald trump
person: nunez
person: jay cutler
person: cutler
person: brock nwo;
person: omran
person: fitz
person: donald trump jr
person: melania
person: dsv
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: sundance head
person: bloomberg
person: ad
person: ad
person: zimmer
person: scotta callister
person: james hetfield
person: scotta callister
person: suzy
person: cutler
person: les svengali
person: mariah carey
person: bush
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: tyler
person: ryan mathews
person: wentz.
person: sonny
person: usain bolt
person: trump
person: trump's
person: callum
person: klaudia
person: kay wilson
person: g.hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: beinart
person: donald trump
person: jen
person: evan
person: girardi
person: clippard
person: trump
person: trump
person: mya
person: hill
person: obama
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mika
person: bisping
person: rockhold
person: bush
person: clinton
person: melissa
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: grandfathers
person: ypg
person: trump
person: robert de niro
person: hillary
person: sam
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: dumps
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: about
person: trump
person: reagan
person: joe
person: mohamedou slahi
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: mr. godwin
person: hitler
person: mr. godwin
person: hindenburg
person: mr. godwin
person: james
person: mr. godwin
person: robert palmer
person: peter
person: jeff bezos
person: jayquan
person: trump
person: /rc
person: rc
person: pres
person: usfer
person: simon
person: susan
person: donald trump jr.
person: roese
person: trump
person: reid
person: mt
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: jimmy fallon
person: comey
person: donald trump's
person: bernie
person: trump
person: heather
person: donald trump
person: andre uncut
person: trump
person: donald
person: brian stelter
person: trump
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: trump
person: andrew
person: trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: donald trump
person: anthony weiner
person: secretary of state at time
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeff
person: trump's
person: trump
person: golic
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: carolines
person: trump
person: roberty bob
person: bsanders
person: parents
person: kari
person: kari
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: trump
person: shey
person: pele
person: hillary
person: but hillary
person: gore
person: babs
person: snowden
person: nick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump's
person: bill murray
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: barackobama sr
person: clinton
person: boris
person: ivanka trump
person: ed
person: jesus
person: appreciated, antwan
person: todd
person: carly
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: derrick
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bush
person: marc jacobs
person: trump
person: obama
person: dump
person: sanders
person: trump
person: trump
person: cronkite
person: trump
person: tom
person: donald trump
person: sufjan stevens
person: trump
person: maria
person: francis
person: billy butler
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: wendy's
person: katie
person: lb
person: trump
person: trump
person: terri
person: trump's
person: \"timmy\"
person: lincecum
person: bill
person: trump
person: big dog
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: nance
person: sampha
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: obama
person: ronnie
person: donald trump
person: hitler
person: alex
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: trump
person: felton
person: felton
person: hella
person: sis
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: johnson's
person: khan
person: miss v
person: bradley
person: bradley 
person: trumps
person: trump
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: lmao
person: jackson
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: burns
person: jackson
person: dell
person: calvin harris
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: grandma
person: hillary
person: michael savage
person: trump
petname: digby
person: i
person: hillary clinton
person: michael's
person: michael's
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hope
person: darren
person: saul alvarez ko6 amir khan
person: [trump
person: dax
person: bwp
person: trump
person: robert mckim
person: robert mckim
person: hillary
person: donald
person: obama
person: joe rao
person: trump
person: connor
person: henrik lundqvist
person: weezy
person: carter
person: eisenhower
person: bill o'reilly
person: rosenberg
person: aj
person: trump
person: trump
person: he
person: holder
person: obama
person: sean
person: edward snowden
Person: brother
person: bernie
person: trump
person: stephen daldry
person: fran
person: mark farrah
person: trump
person: corey feldman
person: hrc
person: pasha
person: christ
person: bernie sanders
person: bernie
person: donald
person: tim
person: hillary
person: glenn close
person: glenn close
person: trump
person: trump's
person: donald trump
person: ricky bobby
person: fdr
person: revis
person: saddam
person: matt johnson
person: at
person: shaun
person: andy rooney's
person: sarah
person: medx
person: marie
person: trump's
person: kaladesh
person: kaladesh
person: tony robbins
person: big mike
person: ricky,
person: ricky
person: ricky bobby
person: snowden's
person: saddam hussein
person: putin
person: obama
person: donald
person: clinton
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: rick
person: rick
person: david brooks
person: joan rivers
person: trump's
person: trump
person: curry
person: cruz
person: miles austin
person: tom cruise
person: alex trebek
person: trump
person: matt lauer
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon's
person: trump
person: francois-xavier bonnet
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donna
person: danny
person: arielle
person: titi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. jill stein
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: bush
person: gloria's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: obama
person: julio
person: donald
person: carolina herrera
person: pulitzer
person: we've
person: homeless people
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: johnson
person: stein
person: johnson
person: trump
person: trump's
person: mckay's
person: bran
person: brian
person: steve
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: beyonc
person: scott steiner
person: trump
person: truman
person: my
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: dave east
person: q and nino
person: sharpton, jackson, and farrakan
person: sam
person: george orwell's
person: hitler
person: fox
person: fox.
person: efren
person: donald
person: joceline
person: gary jackson
person: joceline
person: eames
person: sean
person: trump
person: roginsky
person: trump
person: obama
person: teresa
person: linda thompson
person: hillary's
person: donald trump
person: mc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: theo's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: seinfeld
person: marc jacobs
person: hillary
person: bernie sanders
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: barron
person: goebbels, joseph
person: trump
person: hillary
person: megan rapinoe
person: trump
person: jimmy fallon
person: hillary.
person: laverne
person: hillary clinton
person: chris ivory
person: deangelo
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: stan
person: gary
person: susanne
person: pablo
person: lucy's
person: susanne
person: lucy
person: trump
person: lonzo ball
person: constituents
person: trump
person: harold
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: drakes
person: putin
person: drakes
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: clooney
person: clooney
person: obama
person: mica
person: d
person: 50 cent
person: usher
person: schmendrick.
person: unknown
person: scotty
person: trump
person: judy
person: jim harbaugh
person: obama
person: hillary
person: martin
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: romney
person: jimmy fallon,
person: hillary clintons
person: mike caprio
person: delpo
person: chris
person: obama
person: hakeem green
person: derek zoolander
person: jess krieger
person: hakeem green
person: trump
person: diddy
person: trump
person: trump
person: judi dench
person: david brooks
person: kerber
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: joe
person: rex
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: leanna
person: greg roman
person: marissa
person: ali
person: leslie
person: dean
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: new paltz
person: bernie sanders
person: obama
person: forresters
person: bill
person: donald trump
person: oftrump's
person: ibushi
person: sydal
person: mitch
person: son
person: machiavelli
person: martin
person: mason
person: clinton
person: greg roman
person: trump's
person: obama
person: obama
person: andy dwyer
person: victoria schwab
person: matt
person: mr.bocelli.
person: p adams sitney
person: derrick rose
person: d-rose
person: victoria schwab
person: gov. kasich
person: gov. kasich
person: louis ck
person: trump
person: sam
person: joe
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: kendall,
person: clintons
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: jamar
person: clinton
person: john king
person: dylan
person: anthony davis
person: ivanka
person: anthony davis
person: paige
person: trump
person: judge curiel
person: president trump
person: trump
person: elderly woman
person: trump
person: trump
person: d-rose
person: juan williams
person: juan
person: abena
person: rod
person: tamara drewe
person: kovu
person: scar's
person: glaser
person: jamaal charles
person: marco
person: donald trump's
person: trump
person: laurie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillarys
person: trump
person: mike
person: obama
person: ghandi
person: eminem
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: justine
person: alexis
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: reids
person: trump
person: trump
person: jake
person: mike caprio
person: shawn
person: quien
person: logan
person: tracey
person: monica
person: jake
person: julian
person: anthony alberti
person: dr maria moreno
person: robert kanigher
person: jlo
person: kanigher
person: dillon
person: harambe
person: harambe
person: eric grubman
person: libbey
person: hitler
person: hillary
person: frasier's dad
person: john mahoney
person: martin
person: tanio
person: hillary
person: hugh
person: djt's
person: hugh
person: trump
person: john
person: lagares
person: shatner's
person: shat?
person: travis
person: tyler
person: obama
person: schein
person: mike
person: carnage
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rick polad
person: obama
person: trump
person: lea seydoux
person: spider-man
person: gary johnson
person: obama
person: tucker
person: bella
person: daniel
person: trump
person: trump
person: tyree king
person: josh
person: preston
person: jason
person: kasich
person: jordan henderson
person: mcclatchy
person: mark penn
person: diesel
person: sarah
person: katrina pierson
person: barry
person: mr.pichas
person: mr. diesel
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: christian
person: christian
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: barack obama
person: ryanne
person: kelly
person: nicki
person: trump
person: obama
person: bruce
person: trump
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: amp; beeeeen
person: mom
person: trump
person: supporting trump
person: trump
person: lockett
person: moreso
person: lucas duda
person: clinton's
person: michelle obama
person: michelle obama
person: trump
person: thomas
person: shepard
person: shepard smith
person: ryan lochte
person: clinton
person: obama
person: idgi
person: john kasich
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: vin diesel
person: carlos
person: carlos
person: trump
person: adolph gottlieb
person: donald trump
person: todd
person: ryu
person: ryuu's
person: ryu
person: trump
person: marilyn manson
person: trump
person: max
person: max
person: ndpp abrahams
person: kiki&amp;herb
person: amp; salty brine &amp; taylor
person: gen votel
person: annette
person: cameron crowe
person: emma stone
person: publ
person: yurda
person: trump
person: clinton
person: bill clinton on
person: kris
person: obama
person: hillary
person: mcclatchy
person: jake
person: lb's
person: grant
person: doug frobel
person: adam driver
person: mrs lucie
person: michelle obama
person: lisa
person: dan!
person: einstein
person: lallana
person: kyte
person: stewie
person: jane
person: jane
person: trump
person: fallon
person: michelle obama
person: mooch
person: joe galgano
person: joey g
person: bruce
person: christine
person: trump
person: trump
person: chicken little
person: jesus christ
person: sg
person: trump
person: jay z
Nickname: bombama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marks
person: marks
person: trump
person: sharon
person: putin
person: trump
person: abe
person: burt reynolds
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: mario
person: mario
person: heath slater
person: juliana's
person: trump
person: josh pasek
person: obama
person: gaby roslin
person: deplorables
person: sheldon
person: jesse jackson
person: jesse jackson
person: rozelle
person: ricky
person: taiwo
person: smellfart
person: dan smellfart
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: schumann's
person: henry
person: greg roman
person: meek
person: diggs
person: demaryius
person: drumph
person: rosalind franklin
person: rosalind
person: laganja
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: djt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: rocket's
person: harbaugh.
person: hillary
person: alberto
person: kasich
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: doe
person: menelik watson and mccants
person: howard
person: colin powell
person: jay
person: hiddleston and bruhl
person: julian edelman
person: katy
person: brian
person: paul vilerreal?
person: lin
person: ryan
person: dean lindblom &amp; nancy brown
person: okinawa governor
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani.
person: trump's
person: molly
person: donny
person: la croix pampy
person: pampy la croix.
person: taylor
person: french montana
person: tom cruise
person: trump
person: rose
person: robert aldrich
person: fern
person: trump
person: barack obama
person: hunee
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: victor's
person: corey
person: corey
person: trump
person: willie brown
person: sumipe
person: obama
person: obama
person: max b
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: mario lopez
person: giuliani
person: trump.
person: trump
person: trump
person: daddyface
person: daddyface's
person: obama
person: coldplay
person: natasha wimmer
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: god
person: trump
person: kevin
person: kim namjoon
person: yoonmin ship
person: regina's
person: rob
person: carter
person: bush
person: mayn
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: dan
person: bill murray
person: karen
person: jared leto's
person: dave
person: mara's
person: jenny
person: mitt
person: trump
person: anthony alberti
person: scott
person: dads
person: don-the-con
person: meek mill
person: sid blumenthal
person: sid blumenthal
person: herrero
person: tobais
person: obama
person: sam's
person: sam
person: gogeta
person: lucy
person: gruber
person: trump
person: grandma
person: hitler
person: b
person: alexandra
person: hillary
person: trump
person: wendy
person: obama
person: trump
person: stassi
person: sanders
person: biden
person: pres
person: prinz
person: rochan
person: fallon
person: jill
person: kasich
person: lena dunham
person: donald trump's
person: obama
person: steve king
person: donald trump?
person: trump
person: trump
person: robbie mook
person: kaine
person: gray
person: alyssa
person: kasich
person: milosevic
person: donald trump
person: warner
person: warner
person: nicole 
person: boy 
person: game
person: hillary
person: shailene woodley
person: fallon
person: trump
person: putin
person: bush
person: dawkins
person: dawk
person: barack obama
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: emma stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bartolo colon
person: giuliani
person: trump
person: president barack obama
person: marc
person: jane doe
person: trump
person: trump 
person: dnc
person: donald trump
person: revis 
person: allie lei
person: cespedes
person: barack obama
person: bon jovi
person: bon jovi
person: barack obama
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clinton's
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: max b
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: john
person: j kasich
person: trump
person: hillary
person: james asher
person: romney
person: michelle obama
person: tina
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: tito
person: greg roman
person: manning
person: revis
person: manning
person: tully blanchard,
person: tully blanchard
person: allah
person: president obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: jill stein
person: trump
person: brock turner
person: jay z
person: birdgette
person: bridgette
person: ex
person: giles
person: max b
person: hillary clingon
person: duda
person: ren
person: stein
person: max b's
person: ibn khathirs
person: delly
person: coach steve
person: brian
person: koiubiak
person: trump
person: trump
person: nick
person: pazos
person: tony schwartz
person: asuma
person: paul graham
person: lord jesus christ
person: krishna
person: travis
person: trump
person: joey + mac
person: binder joe
person: barakah
petname: athena
person: fallon
person: jimmy's
person: trump
person: loretta fuddy
person: cessa
person: rodney king
person: norton
person: \"shoeless joe\"
person: shoeless joe
person: nicole
person: derrick
person: donald trump
person: steve levy
person: trump
person: hilary's
person: trump's
person: right, trump
person: bitch
person: trump
person: trump
person: jimmy
person: stephen colbert
person: nate parker
person: nate parker
person: s.varney
person: vesper
person: dickie
person: clinton
person: michael picardi
person: dan
person: brian
person: don
person: cloud
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: young money
person: vado
person: trump
person: trump
person: kat
person: trump
person: clinton
person: scott,
person: sandusky
person: kurt
person: hillary.
person: albee
person: putin
person: sawyer
person: sawyer
person: messiah
person: karan
person: trump
person: mark halperin
pronoun: i
pronoun: i'll
person: simon
person: obama
person: trump
person: corey
person: trump
person: clinton
person: clingon
person: oblabla
person: springsteen
person: caryn
person: allan myers
person: ziegler
person: steel
person: clinton's
person: clintons
person: elves gary
person: carrie
person: jennifer
person: pedrojarevalo
person: theo
person: donald's
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: reid
person: reid
person: sam
person: mohegan
person: trump
person: clem
person: alicia vikander
person: melvin
person: trump's
person: rice's
person: craig kimbrel
person: jennie
person: mrs. nixon
person: hillary
person: yi jianlian
person: justin
person: trump
person: trump
person: tapu koko
person: oc
person: ms. bimpson
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: frank
person: jesus
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary's
person: sweetie
person: jesus
person: lynn marguilus
person: tim kawakami
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bill
person: melania
person: aliza
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: max b
person: max
person: victor fajardo's
person: clinton's
person: jim and pam
person: trump's
person: dylan sprouse
person: trump
person: hillary the clingon
person: trump
person: hillary
person: frank ocean
person: frank ocean
person: clive
person: clive
person: bridget jones's
person: craig
person: cheick kongo
person: lexi
person: tina
person: trump
person: snake
person: franco harris
person: franco harris
person: henry
person: trump
person: sam spear
person: trump
person: patrick
person: cullen tiernan
person: blumenthal
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: neema
person: fred taylor
person: arianna huffington
person: charlie
person: charlie
person: hillaryclinton
person: gay charlie
person: trump
person: christ
person: chelsea's
person: hillary
person: guy fieri
person: ama
person: trump
person: obama
person: oblabla
person: cheick kongo
person: kasich
person: mr gleason
person: macain's
person: mewani
person: trump
person: thomas
person: marc jacobs
person: marc jacobs
person: teruteru
person: teruteru
person: pamee
person: rev faith green-timmons
person: edward albee
person: hillary
person: nikki
person: trump
person: mr.trump
person: hillary
person: adam
person: trump
person: joe
person: jay
person: phillip
person: vinny
person: mcqueary
person: scott
person: steiner
person: mella
person: charley steiner
person: donald trump
person: cullen tiernan
person: kathy kimberlin
person: jennifer lopez
person: clintonstuf
person: lionel richie
person: tarsa
person: rito
person: bayley/emma
person: benjy
person: rev knapp
person: eric dampier
person: yuriko robinson
person: cullen tiernan
person: marty froomin
person: emma
person: nattie
person: emma
person: imma
person: rakesh sharma
person: sharma
person: norris cole
person: norris cole
person: elie wiesei
person: zuck
person: zuck
person: pouya
person: zuck
person: zuck &amp; priscilla
person: charlene
person: sady doyle
person: katey
person: zuck
person: jason
person: marty 
person: freud
person: andy
person: chris hedges
person: arah
person: john kasich
person: kasich
person: kasich
person: jack black
person: trump's
person: steve jobs
person: diana
person: aric
person: badger
person: hillary
person: eden
person: eden
person: maddy bowen
person: trump
person: daddy
person: hilary
person: maddow
person: rania,
person: colin powell
person: powell
person: coach
person: swaggy p
person: hillary
person: jimmy's
person: diana
person: blanco
person: chelsea clinton
person: chelsea
person: bill murray
person: bill fucking murray!
person: trump
person: keith
person: john
person: cepelova
person: steve martin
person: vicki
person: david oyedepo
person: harry
person: larry stylinson
person: jimmy
person: posey
person: posey
person: limahl
person: limahl
person: limahl's
person: limahl's
person: jack
person: divasta's
person: allie
person: james
person: babar
person: sunnis
person: makoto shinkai
person: day
person: jesus
person: nigel farage
person: jewish slaves
person: sa's
person: trump
person: bubba
person: kwame
person: donald trump jr.
person: hillary
person: phoebe
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: ian
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: hava nagila
person: luke
person: ahmadi
person: yaoi
person: ray
person: hitler
person: bushes
person: kasich
person: bushes
person: posey
person: maas
person: william john miller
person: neil young
person: caile
person: bradley
person: chance
person: jojo
person: jojo
person: penelope
person: mohammad
person: obummer
person: dolly
person: obama
person: james head
person: nicoreys
person: andre nickatina
person: james
person: nicole
person: chris
person: albany:
person: moses
person: moses
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: donald
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: jesus
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: mariam
person: mary
person: abraham
person: imma
person: lamar odom
person: lamar
person: god
person: trump
person: cisco
person: joseph and cisco
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kasich
person: hrc
person: meg
person: dave barry on
person: hellen
person: obama
person: laur's
person: b
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: hm
person: trump
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: trumps
person: trump
person: ken
person: frank
person: donald trump
person: ted cruz's
person: clinton
person: boba fett
person: ackbar
person: darth maul.
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: jon voight
person: hillary
person: bernies
person: bernie
person: obama
person: trump
person: yonatan tewelde
person: eichmann
person: eichmann
person: hildebeast
person: clintons
person: dan
person: dan
person: lawrence
person: trump:
person: jerry pournelle's
person: mahathir v najib
person: harry potter
person: ariel sharon
person: justin
person: david attenborough.
person: jesus
person: ariel sharon
person: santana
person: steven cree
person: duncan
person: bob gates
person: lincoln
person: him
person: trump
person: hillary
person: tommy
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: clinton/friends
person: will clark
person: she
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: bill
person: will burton
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: george
person: michel'le
person: matthew
person: matthew
person: ron fournier
person: aaron rodgers
person: trump
person: trump
person: ron fournier
person: bush
person: jane
person: kate rubins
person: jill stein
person: logan huntzberger
person: trump
person: richard brake
person: malcolm mcdowell
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: larries
person: gray's
person: mashima
person: trump
person: jeff
person: hillary
person: t-pains niece
person: marty's
person: modi's
person: beyonc
person: ly
person: vaj graff
person: trump
person: canelo
person: akram
person: mark carney
person: trump
person: obama
person: victor cruz
person: obama's
person: june
person: trump
person: yuri
person: trump
person: kevin
person: trump
person: angel olsen
person: trump
person: trump
person: amy
person: jonbent
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donovan
person: willow
person: mary j
person: blige
person: deandre jordan
person: whiteside
person: oliver queen
person: john kerry
person: quincy jones
person: undertaker
person: putin
person: evan mcmullin
person: reply, jarrod
person: foye
person: julius caesar
person: julius caesar
person: reagan
person: trump
person: wbie
person: hillary's
person: piers morgan
person: mkg
person: rhj's
person: connie
person: kaepernick
person: sanders
person: the clintons
person: donald trump
person: voting hillary
person: trump's
person: trump
person: rick scott
person: clinton
person: stein
person: dc's
person: a$ap rocky
person: jahk's
person: katie
person: katie
person: areola
person: elegance wang
person: bo
person: rigo
person: batman
person: dave
person: debra
person: mark halperins
person: alan jackson
person: cas
person: tebow
person: scott
person: bill
person: gino
person: trump
person: robert
person: moses
person: clintons
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: moses
person: reuben
person: m
person: micah
person: mom
person: hillary
person: joepa
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: minister
person: isaac
person: paul dini
person: keisha grey
person: keisha
person: guardiola
person: messi
person: altaf
person: smith's
person: michael b. jordan
person: steven
person: huma
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillarys
person: murray
person: nate silver
person: nan
person: andy martin
person: lakestreet dive
person: lakeside
person: girl
person: beasley
person: bobby wagner
person: reeves-maybin
person: 50 cent
person: pac
person: mugabe
person: andy martin
person: andy martin
person: dembow
person: love obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: bouta
person: gasol
person: will smith
person: bashar al-assad
person: assad
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: jericho
person: joshua
person: god
person: mcclatchy
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: lamar jackson
person: liam
person: robert gates
person: sam
person: my late granny
person: vijayrupani
person: adele
person: stephen a. smith
person: alex
person: powells
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: god
person: bill murray
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kagans
person: blumenthal
person: trump
person: chandler
person: cummings
person: cummings
person: djt
person: hermanx
person: emanuel
person: cummings
person: trump
person: brian
person: lucas
person: trump
person: tell snooki
person: snookie
person: michelle
person: marty
person: trump
person: jordan
person: bryan cranston
person: pence
person: lori
person: snookie
person: sully
person: barbara
person: trump troll
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: lt;trump
person: hillary
person: david
person: adam
person: fasho
person: frank sonnenberg
person: obama
person: trump
person: scott adams
person: mv
person: spanos
person: seth dawkins
person: dobbs
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: eli
person: nathan
person: hrc
person: rembrandt
person: vj
person: ymbape
person: nixon
person: anthony kennedy
person: wayne
person: dillion
person: ted
person: robin
person: robin
person: j. blige
person: alicia
person: corey
person: grand
person: elias toufexis'
person: mangino
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: winwtracker
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bob
person: bob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: lisa simpsons
person: lisa's
person: trump
person: lebowski
person: mark,
person: frank sonnenberg
person: khan
person: drifters
person: ronnie
person: trump
person: w.p
person: kinsella
person: kevin
person: travis shaw
person: moncada
person: marc kinchen
person: bruce
person: milo
person: trump
person: trump
person: mick
person: rock
person: steve nash
person: sam
person: donald
person: kellen
person: angela thomas
person: hanley
person: field
person: kate
person: kate
person: je
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: bernie sanders
person: trump
person: michelle obama
person: iggy
person: trump
person: amazza
person: wi gov. scott walker
person: snowden
person: kaine
person: hillary
person: obamas
person: obama
person: batman
person: hallie meyer
person: huma's
person: justinian
person: gary sanchez
person: nader
person: 's aces
person: buck
person: trump
person: dorsey
person: peter cain
person: jerry
person: andrew benintendi
person: petrino
person: trump
person: robert costa
person: travis browne
person: biran stann's
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: mike pence
person: clinton
person: trump
person: brady
person: zabit magomedsharipov
person: trump
person: candy
person: gingrich
person: lamar jackson
person: rowan
person: trump's
person: donald jr
person: lira
person: dan
person: ymbape
person: hillary
person: christoph waltz
person: zahra
person: stevebucky
person: rick trickett
person: chris
person: obama
person: dr. stephanie edwards.
person: kevin
person: fat tony
person: trump
person: hillary
person: brian
person: pruitt igoe
person: ronnette
person: ben ramaeka
person: trump
person: rylan
person: brandon
person: trump
person: paterno
person: jeff
person: gary sanchez
person: trump
person: riley
person: frdric chopin
person: donald trump
person: tim
person: karl's
person: obama
person: david cook
person: jim
person: adele
person: hillary clinton
person: sondheim
person: masculino
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: chris
person: shawn
person: obama
person: pat
person: trump
person: gabby
person: kimmy
person: denise
person: brooks johnson
person: trumps
person: sos
person: mark knight
person: biden
person: t lee
person: dowd
person: hillary
person: trump
person: name is robert crosier
person: wimp
person: holberton
person: trump
person: trump
person: kanyes
person: kanyes
person: ellbury
person: mike brown
person: kanyes
person: mookie
person: jameis
person: jesus
person: mccartney
person: beatles
person: kanye
person: trump
person: hrc, jeb
person: phil kessel
person: quick
person: walker
person: birther
person: trump
person: trump
person: fermin
person: messe berlin
person: trump
person: jonathan quick
person: allah
person: noah
person: dan aykroyd
person: barry melrose
person: rainastro
person: mckown
person: ed oliver
person: brady
person: giselle
person: jimmy connors
person: waranka
person: arthur
person: hartley
person: kasper
person: anne
person: bebb 
person: ny-ers
person: catch
person: honey g
person: justin bieber
person: arthur
person: lin's
person: lin's
person: iasmin
person: metcalfe
person: dustin
person: michael conforto
person: hillary
person: calvin harris
person: eugene
person: quick
person: quick
person: fey queen's
person: tom brady
person: bobby ojeda
person: trump
person: trump
person: ref
person: ref
person: bill
person: bill
person: nicky
person: karl's
person: teddy.
person: teddy
person: chaddys
person: karl
person: payet
person: david ortiz
person: diplo
person: trump
person: milquetoast paul schrader
person: schrader
person: amp; pres obama
person: edward snowden
person: dt
person: obama &amp; clinton
person: kudlow mercer barrack
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: clintons
person: curtis mayfield
person: bernie
person: nick p
person: aaron rogers
person: morgan
person: robyn's
person: russell crowe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: harry reid
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: meltzer
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: kessel
person: dubinsky
person: pablo sand
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: britney
person: big z
person: trans people
person: brianna wu
person: hillary
person: trump
person: van
person: donald
person: edward
person: abby
person: jj's
person: chad
person: trump
person: trump's
person: john
person: ryan seacrest
person: zach
person: shelsea
person: john tortorella
person: obama
person: tortorella
person: karlee
person: fred astaire
person: mr kristal
person: kim gumban
person: rachel
person: levar burton
person: danson:
person: anne
person: elliot gindi
person: elliot
person: tyler's
person: tyler's
person: mike
person: chris wallace
person: devin
person: meghan
person: clinton's
person: lamar jackson
person: donell phumphrey
person: dontrell
person: leigh anne tuohy
person: obama
person: jonae
person: isabelle huppert
person: jazper
person: trump
person: hillary
person: karl
person: trump
person: sean
person: obama
person: h*llary
person: h*llary
person: chip kelly
person: john
person: son
person: jamel
person: jack bauer
person: snowden
person: wavy
person: marc andreessen
person: trump
person: pey
person: malcolm turnbull
person: saban
person: grace
person: hillary
person: girardi
person: tanaka
person: queen elizabeth ii
person: james p. blair
person: paul bosch
person: pope john xxiii,
person: helfrich
person: hillary
person: almonte
person: rajai
person: thomas
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: bedford hill
person: trump
person: diana
person: alhamdulilah
person: abeer
person: britney
person: pitbull
person: elliot
person: tyrell
person: tyrell
person: trump
person: pepe
person: pepe's
person: sean
person: birt
person: dillon
person: coolio
person: mike
person: kasich
person: joe pa
person: fassbinder's
person: lehigh
person: hank williams
person: pocahontas
person: pocahontas
person: peggy noonan's
person: weiner
person: mr aminian's
person: rob thomas
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: gomez
person: trump
person: t .rump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: jake
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton's
person: thomas
person: kendrick lamar
person: jared lorenzen
person: jack
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: lauren's dad
person: deshone kizer
person: grace
person: obama
person: mitch.
person: glenn
person: grant
person: trump
person: lince dorado
person: lince dorado
person: patrick dempsey
person: firth
person: ryon healy
person: healy
person: trump
person: marco
person: spongebob
person: dave
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: tina greenberg
person: trump's
person: trump
person: clinton
person: the pope
person: val
person: obama
person: trump
person: kaepernicks
person: trump
person: trump
person: lily rhodes-van der woodsen-bass-humphrey-bass
person: gajeel
person: gajeel
person: lin manuel miranda
person: quisha
person: biggie marshall
person: trump
person: sherlock holmes
person: amp; obama
person: leddy
person: pulock
person: mayfield
person: amp; obama
person: sid
person: nik
person: indiana jones
person: draymond
person: draymond
person: steph curry
person: mac dre
person: drake
person: drake
person: neff
person: draymond
person: drake
person: don
person: trump
person: chad kelley
person: lebrons
person: josh
person: lampard
person: jax
person: chad
person: ciara
person: emma watson
person: christina
person: maz jabroni
person: busta rhymes
person: trump's
person: sarkissian
person: potus candidate
person: nick
person: curtis
person: trump
person: dutchman
person: dolores
person: clancy pendergast
person: sergey
person: oswaldo
person: obama
person: laura
person: abby
person: abby
person: drake
person: hrag
person: obama
person: hank no
person: trumps
person: san diego
person: morrissey
person: dick rick 650
person: landon's
person: gretchen carlson's
person: gretchen
person: trump
person: martha
person: liz
person: julie
person: linus
person: cernovich
person: albert einstein
person: dave
person: hillary
person: joe buck
person: obama
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: candace
person: ray
person: billy miller
person: linda bumgaurten
person: claire
person: trump
person: satan
person: chelsea
person: clintons
person: tortorella
person: trump
person: chelsea
person: blake neely
person: mom
person: clock boy'
person: blasio's
person: nate
person: god
person: dave's
person: t-pains niece
person: gus johnson's
person: uncle
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: bill murray
person: walker
person: howard stern
person: tortured
person: chris
person: reynolds
person: reynolds
person: priscilla
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: sanders
person: trump
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: jfk
person: hillary
person: driver
person: bush
person: bush
person: bush
person: gore
person: brattons
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: sam and justin
person: madonna
person: elizabeth
person: bernie
person: pascal
person: pascal
person: dakar
person: trump
person: trump's
person: obama
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: sandy sr
person: bruce
person: clinton
person: obama
person: trump
person: obama
person: tom
person: dad
person: baker
person: obama
person: sis
person: brenez
person: hitler.
person: mrs. green
person: meagan
person: eli manning
person: jordan reed
person: diane keaton
person: judge jeanine pirro
person: peter daou
person: brian dozier
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: ciara ciarea
person: chad
person: m
person: ryan o'reilly
person: mr. tim horton's
person: donald
person: bradley
person: robles
person: koeman
person: trump
person: eckhart tolle
person: god
person: sibongile mlambo
person: don lemon
person: anna
person: donald trump
person: tyler perry
person: trump
person: jatalie
person: sibongile mlambo
person: curtis granderson homer
person: trump
person: pembleton
person: don lemon
person: david barton
person: don lemon
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: austin kendall
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: satsuki
person: trumphumper
person: my mom
person: trump
person: john mccain
person: clinton
person: trump
person: treon
person: hillary
person: cespedes
person: carl
person: abner haynes
person: nitin gadkari
person: toast
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: killarys
person: trump
person: bannon
person: hillary
person: evans
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fowler
person: obama
person: jamesy
person: kit
person: hillary
person: trump
person: brian kelly
person: cain
person: khan
person: coach kelly
person: bob
person: don lemon
person: shakespeare
person: shakespeare
person: trump
person: trump
person: killary
person: hillary
person: austin
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel's
person: allan west
person: tommy's
person: marilyn
person: casilla
person: thomas sullivan
person: fabien
person: kal
person: middle eastern
person: russell blaymore
person: khan.
person: laurent's
person: illary
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: daniel
person: daniel
person: gatica
person: don lemon
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary's
person: chris cariaso
person: benito santiago
person: santiago benitez's
person: hillary
person: vic
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: fear trump
person: trump
person: sourav ganguly
person: sims
person: james
person: paul
person: gurl
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: trump
person: obe
person: fontaine
person: liam 'beefy' smith
person: ben affleck
person: lois lanes
person: byron
person: tommy lee jones.
person: hillary clinton
person: de blassio
person: bochy's
person: casilla
person: marc jacobs
person: drama queens
person: kimbrell
person: mariano
person: gossage
person: casilla
person: obama
person: teresa
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: bernie
person: trump
person: rebecca
person: obama
person: dana
person: dana
person: nancy kelly
person: babs
person: melanie martinez
person: adam's
person: karen
person: edward snowden
person: snowden
person: god
person: hillary clinton
person: hill's
person: cross obama
person: brennen
person: nri modi bhakts
person: jt
person: dr. oz
person: tyler joseph
person: samuel
person: clintons
person: ryan
person: casilla
person: strickland
person: andy bernard
person: stevie
person: trump
person: hillary
person: guuuuurl
person: they
person: hillary
person: monica
person: monica
person: deblasio
person: saban
person: eli
person: raekwon mcmillan
person: greg schiano
person: dan
person: ggg
person: colin powell
person: lamar jackson
person: drew kaser
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: roland martin
person: star
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: grueney
person: cole luke
person: luke
person: trump
person: jamie fraser
person: cummings
person: merkel
person: usa
person: lou seal
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: catey cope
person: hillary
person: god!
person: juan williams
person: de blasio
person: deblasio
person: granny
person: brunson
person: vitor
person: john
person: trump
person: nic
person: ymbape
person: bernie
person: dt's
person: god.
person: god
person: bernie
person: manjoume thunder/san da
person: trump
person: trump
person: erasmus
person: A: kendrick lamar
person: ariel
person: anne coulter
person: kacy
person: morgan
person: kenzie
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: barreto
person: marcus
person: brugman's
person: vertigan
person: marincov
person: marincov
person: steph
person: god
person: mr bean
person: hillary
person: beyonc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: john
person: jesus
person: clinton
person: obamas
person: barack hussein
person: trump
person: master p
person: master p
person: bama
person: augur
person: trump
person: obama
person: larrys
person: wendell willkie
person: ellie
person: mummy
person: habib
person: hillary clinton
person: tom
person: frank tyger
person: hrc
person: kanye west
person: annie
person: daenerys
person: tyrion
person: jon snow
person: sansa
person: arya
person: lady mormont
person: msm
person: bill's
person: nancy baker
person: winona ryder,
person: samantha mathis
person: nigga
person: taylor swift
person: clinton
person: yahweh
person: gronkowski
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trumps
person: trumps
person: americans
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jim cooleys
person: wynton marsalis
person: hillary
person: kasich
person: nate
person: mayor de blasio
person: trump's
person: trump
person: todd
person: kellyanne
person: jonas salk's
person: maurizio
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: branco
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: howard marks
person: michael
person: hillary
person: amy
person: donald
person: hrc
person: hillary
person: jefferson
person: , anne
person: annie
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: divya
person: divya
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: carnage
person: mr. guitierrez
person: trump
person: president obama
person: mr kaine
person: trump
person: ashley
person: antwan
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: tim
person: trump
person: trill williams
person: hillary clinton
person: hillarys
person: hillary
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: obama
person: jules
person: christie
person: trumpsplaining
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary &amp;0bama
person: wilson
person: wilson
person: clinton
person: obama
person: christie
person: christie
person: annette
person: annette
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: phil
person: gowdy
person: clinton
person: adam
person: adam
person: lorry's
person: trump
person: trump
person: chuck
person: trump
person: colin powell
person: colin powell
person: hillary clinton
person: joe
person: christie
person: christie
person: hillary
person: larry scott
person: chelsea
person: angela lansbury
person: sana makapanood ako
person: obama
person: president trump
person: chico
person: vince gironda.
person: sherman's
person: mike
person: cheboygan
person: pence
person: hillary
person: god
person: casilla
person: snowden
person: char
person: hillary
person: jonathan stewart
person: trump
person: chris wallace
person: clintons
person: trump
person: eden, irwin
person: abbas
person: bernie
person: obama
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: dez bryant
person: dez
person: murr
person: tim kaine
person: stepinac's
person: obama
person: mikey
person: clinton
person: carl icahn
person: jules
person: fares akram
person: trump
person: nuala
person: doctor lee
person: trump
person: moncrief
person: fuller
person: hurns and fuller.
person: gurley
person: gurley
person: trump
person: clinton
person: david cole
person: trump
person: obama
person: eichmann
person: trumpeters
person: obama
person: larry
person: trump
person: nader
person: ed
person: neyland
person: michael b jordan
person: nader
person: gore
person: jesus
person: andrew
person: judge garland
person: pep guardiola
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: mr. endres
person: bernie sanders
person: jennifer
person: lolita
person: j mart
person: trump's
person: trump
person: kim zolciak
person: chelsea
person: ed
person: trump's
person: trump
person: syd
person: trump
person: sindh
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump's
person: venkatesh
person: jesus
person: hobbes'
person: cuomo
person: trump
person: odell
person: obama
person: nick
person: nick
person: hillary
personinitials: hrc
person: nikki
person: justin bieber
person: erich bauer
person: angel olsen
person: gary johnson
person: honey jack
person: gov cuomo
person: donald
person: trump
person: briebart
person: trump
person: trump
person: bernie
person: kiera
person: noah
person: lopez
person: noah
person: putin
person: trump's
person: tom
person: harambe
person: amp; jon glaser
person: trump
person: jess
person: brooklyn
person: j.j. watt
person: jj
person: jake plummer
person: de blasios
person: de blasio
person: hillary
person: molly
person: abbas
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: hrc
person: trump
person: allysons
person: christie
person: potus
person: donald
person: hillary
person: andrew cuomo
person: sarah
person: tyrell lyons
person: kelly
person: trump
person: chuck
person: dt
person: sherman's
person: desean jackson
person: jordan matthews
person: red riding hood
person: hillary
person: revis
person: jeff fisher
person: eisenhower
person: gary johnson
person: matt
person: obama
person: kaine
person: gary johnson
person: saul
person: itachi's
person: itachi
person: tanner
person: porter
person: rox
person: sonia
person: columbus
person: hildy
person: luce
person: marvin jones
person: ada wong
person: kami
person: gov cuomo
person: god
person: roman's
person: mike tyson
person: jimmy garoppolo
person: todd gurley
person: rex
person: trump
person: giving josh norman
person: aisha, sybrina fulton
person: benji
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: nate silver
person: gary johnson
person: alicia
person: ting tings
person: trump's
person: tim
person: kay adams
person: jesse james
person: james
person: bartelby
person: stan
person: lana
person: alan kasujja
person: coco
person: demi stan
person: nicki
person: demi
person: flitwick
person: amy
person: emily
person: trump
person: joe
person: rnc chair
person: mr
person: (t baker
person: devs
person: mary robinson
person: kate
person: trump
person: paul
person: canon
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: trump
person: rump
person: rae
person: mr andreessen
person: hillary
person: lord
person: bernie
person: trump
person: robert graves.
person: bedford's
person: bedford's
person: cody
person: sarah
person: tatiana
person: wapo
person: wapo
person: trudeau
person: helen
person: nicole
person: jean-louis chave!
person: clinton
person: brooke
person: i.nova
person: kay
person: donald trump
person: chris hogan
person: je11
person: trump
person: for trump
person: enner
person: sacko
person: gary
person: holly
person: colin kaepernick
person: clinton
person: steve
person: yeldon
person: coleman
person: crowell
person: de blasio
person: de blasio spoke
person: james gosling
person: kermit
person: henry fonda
person: dwyer
person: hillary
person: gabbert
person: trump
person: jimmy g
person: brady
person: mj
person: pence
person: gabriel ynoa
person: ray charles
person: trump
person: hillary
person: palmer luckeys
person: clinton's
person: ms. goodall
person: margaret thatcher
person: era cabro
person: samuel l. jackson
person: obama
person: hillary
person: andy mitchell
person: richard skipper
person: peyton
person: becky
person: tom
person: obama
person: hillary
person: drew brees
person: julia
person: ai wei wei
person: julia
person: trump
person: drew brees
person: casillas
person: jeb
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: luis
person: blaine gabbert
person: trump
person: hitler
person: skye
person: christ
person: janoris jenkins
person: luke
person: donald trump
person: kasich
person: breazaveli
person: ciroc
person: trump
person: jarred cosart
person: trump
person: trump
person: dr. gro harlem
person: andrew garfield
person: kellyanne conway
person: jacoby brissett
person: natoks
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: trump.
person: aria
person: fort tryon park
person: kyle
person: reggie bush
person: unathi
person: andre dawson
person: andre
person: hrc
person: unathi
person: michael
person: obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: trump
person: reince
person: meg ryan
person: tommy garoppolo
person: adam baldwin
person: area of colin
person: kaine
person: kaine
person: diana's
person: jesus
person: president obama
person: trump
person: wittgenstein
person: lmao
person: unathi
person: jarvis landry
person: christ
person: trumpsters
person: trumpsters
person: michael manley
person: trump
person: brown
person: trump
person: tapper
person: tapper
person: pete
person: pete
person: azealia banks
person: brownback
person: scott
person: christie
person: snyder
person: mccrory
person: president obama
person: chef
person: salman khan
person: davis
person: dona lilian
person: margo jefferson
person: trump
person: trump
person: blake
person: hillary
person: stephen pearcy
person: stephen
person: einstein's
person: trump
person: chuck todd
person: chuck's
person: sara
person: jamal charles
person: ms. powell
person: conforto
person: t.j
person: marc andreessen
person: reid hoffman
person: jeh
person: hillary
person: casilla, bochy
person: hilary
person: ms. powell
person: susanne
person: monica lewinsky
person: lumpy
person: lumpy
person: clinton
person: eli
person: rashad jennings
person: shane vereen
person: donald trump
person: balasie
person: timothy ray brown
person: jj
person: eli
person: kirk
person: mitch boy
person: susanne
person: naomi
person: de bruyne
person: goro-san
person: corey feldman
person: jonathan allen bales
person: shana
person: sid blumenthal
person: schuyler
person: sam wilson
person: trump
person: coop
person: trump
person: obama
person: harry
person: o's
person: brother
person: mrsmj
person: this, elizabeth
person: hmm
person: mike
person: mario
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: jerry
person: kellyanne conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: ted
person: zoey
person: jamie
person: ms. costigan
person: lucy
person: humberto
person: johnson.
person: fast max
person: colby lewis
person: seth smith
person: david murphy
person: shepard
person: cruz
person: shepherd
person: donald
person: blaine montana
person: leo's jay gatsby
person: jimmy g
person: donald
person: trump
person: sefo
person: putin
person: putin
person: jesus
person: lucy
person: casey
person: justin
person: aj smith
person: shaq
person: clinton
person: titus
person: coach gruden
person: hillary
person: julie doucet
person: richard bock
person: shankar
person: curly
person: kellyanne
person: manan
person: lebron james
person: jim rohn
person: jules
person: jen
person: hrc
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: morris
person: zeke
person: lizzie
person: gaga
person: wes welker
person: jacoby
person: tj rivera
person: leonard cohen
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hedman
person: crane
person: trumper
person: mike
person: kamil
person: terry gilliam
person: conway
person: trump
person: cruz
person: trump
person: tupac
person: katie
person: katie
person: barbara spectre
person: martha stewart
person: president obama
person: presidentobama
person: fiona
person: jimmy g
person: oswiler
person: bochy
person: richard campbell
person: trump
person: kevin james
person: garoppolo
person: peyton's
person: jeffrey archer
person: rushdie
person: trump
person: antonio gates
person: bill belichick
person: bb
person: trump
person: trump
person: aaron burr
person: tim
person: donald trump
person: hillary clinton
person: deblasio
person: shumer's
person: gunnar
person: pope francis
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: hillary
person: steve bannon
person: donald trump
person: amy schumer
person: mary
person: jacoby
person: hillary
person: durant
person: trump
person: hillary's
person: tony curtis
person: trump
person: blake
person: sid blunenthal
person: hillary
person: kelly anne
person: de kooning
person: emmy ride
person: trump
person: romney
person: siri
person: siri
person: ds
person: kat
person: lan
person: don buchla
person: obama
person: jimi hendrix
person: jeb
person: don lemon
person: trump
person: ken stabler
person: stabler's
person: king
person: nat,
person: w. churchill
person: obama
person: gary johnson
person: dr. jennifer stoever
person: bush
person: johnson
person: hillary
person: erin
person: cory gearrin
person: paul
person: paul
person: donald trump
person: hil liar y
person: hillary
person: pence
person: trump
person: charles kelly
person: louis
person: clinton
person: barack obama
person: giuliana rancic
person: giuliana rancic
person: barton
person: hillary
person: matt ryan
person: milk
person: djt
person: trump
person: zayn's
person: trump
person: cruz
person: elizabeth
person: obama
person: pence
person: dennis malgin
person: chad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: lynn
person: rebekkah
person: kemal
person: emtithal mahmoud
person: tony
person: archie panjabi
person: nas kamal
person: melo
person: duvall
person: pres obama
person: hrc
person: matt ryan
person: allen robinson
person: jason verrett
person: robinson
person: paul
person: president obama
person: reagan
person: clinton
person: jacoby brissett
person: keegan-michael
person: bill hader's
person: ryan
person: jack
person: scarlet witch
person: scarlet witch:
person: gaga
person: priebus
person: penelope's
person: hillary's
person: vision
person: vision
person: hillary
person: chris mitchell
person: hillary
person: bruce conner
person: edwins
person: michaels
person: obama
person: trump's
person: sarah paulson
person: kristol
person: sarah
person: jason
referencetoperson: people
person: russell wilson
person: trump
person: constance zimmer
person: jack del rio
person: jahleel addae
person: whitner
person: melanie
person: sully
person: putin
person: amy
person: shanel
person: jeff fisher
person: kroenke
person: fisher
person: cam
person: trump
person: alan moore
person: jovan vavic
person: jovan
person: orly
person: la
person: von miller
person: berth
person: rami malek
person: clinton
person: garoppolo
person: brady
person: bernie
person: elizabeth
person: giuliana
person: sophie turner
person: christian siriano
person: angela bassett
person: rose pak
person: pak
person: perkins
person: sam bradford
person: andrew!
person: deanna
person: dansby
person: kerry washington
person: enzo
person: trump
person: oscar isaac
person: kaylene
person: trump's
person: disparage trump
person: trump
person: lisa
person: spongebob
person: mrs nixon
person: bro
person: dawg
person: oscar isaac
person: michael fassbender
person: walker
person: tim gunn
person: ortiz
person: kanan
person: david amerson
person: dj
person: garoppolo
person: joe montana
person: putin
person: putin
person: putin
person: tyga
person: lanley
person: lyle
person: gema
person: tommy
person: gurley
person: broc
person: posey
person: kit harington's
person: of elvis
person: kasich
person: judy sim
person: jeb bush
person: tracey
person: jan
person: i phyll
person: xxmeli
person: christina
person: sm
person: louie anderson
person: merkel
person: rachy
person: nicole
person: lerm
person: hillary
person: max
person: sara
person: kerry washington
person: tracee ellis ross
person: stef
person: heidi
person: tracee ellis ross
person: kristen bell
person: trump
person: trump
person: gabriel landeskog
person: caleb
person: kristen bell
person: amy schumer
person: hillary
person: matt leblanc
person: cassandra
person: leslie jones &amp; meryl streep
person: kate mckinnon
person: schumer
person: hillary
person: hilldog
person: pence
person: trump
person: mr. trump
person: trump
person: simon cowel
person: jack
person: kerry
person: bruno mars
person: simon
person: kimmels
person: cosby
person: lex's
person: hillary
person: kate
person: susanne's
person: rihanna
person: ellen
person: diamond
person: tim kaine
person: bin laden
person: jeb
person: jimmy kimmel
person: sanchez
person: susanne
person: sanchez
person: tda
person: rugani
person: drumph
person: bin laden's
person: julia louis-dreyfus
person: dreyfus
person: obama
person: hillary
person: clinton or trump
person: thompson
person: hillary
person: kate mckinnon
person: stefon diggs
person: rex
person: bowles
person: marco polo
person: drake
person: breeland
person: naples
person: trump
person: trump
person: pauls
person: drummond
person: taylor
person: sterling k. brown
person: paulson
person: claire danes
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: nyc
person: nyc
person: charmian carr
person: von trump\"
person: alex
person: peyton
person: sarah paulson
person: claire danes
person: lex luthor
person: luthor
person: roberto costa
person: roberto
person: okafor
person: okafor
person: regina
person: rodgers
person: obama
person: nader
person: kylie
person: courtney b. vance
person: christian
person: kris
person: ginuwine
person: ethan
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: stein
person: hillarys
person: clinton, trump
person: johnny cochran
person: kimmel
person: nick
person: richard conte
person: charles bronson
person: jason statham
person: bogie
person: melania
person: hillary 
person: trump
person: pence
person: obama
person: jason
person: brady
person: jill soloway
person: man
person: man
person: laura clark
person: gary gaetii
person: joe mauer
person: david's
person: wilson
person: ap
person: donald trump
person: kit harrington
person: raddatz
person: pence
person: al pacino's
person: walsh
person: justine
person: trump
person: el sissy
person: abdel
person: jon stewart
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: nelly's
person: trump
person: mike daniels
person: lacy
person: ruben foster
person: chaffetz
person: vanessa
person: chelsea
person: tebow
person: brady
person: brady
person: hank azaria
person: jeff
person: prince
person: trump
person: mike mccoy
person: jay-z
person: al-sisi
person: churchill's
person: churchill's
person: kris
person: gary
person: jeb bush
person: officer falconer
person: mr. hume
person: mr. robot
person: matt damon
person: minnie
person: beckyg
person: stalin
person: jack
person: cam newton
person: joe
person: cuomo
person: deblasio
person: deblasio
person: rick perry and ted cruz
person: harper
person: sally kohn
person: schwarzenegger
person: john oliver
person: trump
person: alan rickman
person: clinton
person: patsy
person: jeff buckley's
person: steve
person: ben affleck
person: trump
person: trump
person: claire danes
person: molinaro
person: richard daystrom
person: john
person: eric dickerson
person: margaret thatcher
person: tori kelly
person: sherlock's
person: cris collinsworth
person: bachta
person: christie
person: obama
person: henry hill
person: rami malek
person: john mclaughlin
person: gano
person: eli
person: trump
person: tino
person: lily
person: trump
person: casey
person: stefon diggs
person: antonio brown
person: chelsea
person: trump
person: trump
person: john cale
person: ben
person: trump
person: aziz
person: obama
person: leslie
person: chris warren
person: rami malek
person: diggs
person: watkins
person: jesus christ
person: corinthians
person: nicole
person: annie oakley
person: paris hilton
person: rodgers
person: jake tapper
person: lacy
person: ruii
person: marian hill
person: shawn
person: krilen
person: gohan
person: kakarot
person: taylor
person: trump
person: sarah paulson
person: wadi
person: nelson
person: donald
person: lee
person: lee's
person: robert skoro
person: abby
person: mr gaurav
person: rn
person: brock turner
person: jimmy kimmel
person: brock turner
person: brock turner
person: trae waynes
person: zimmer
person: gary sanchez
person: rodgers
person: rodgers
person: hillary
person: marty golden
person: dani
person: john
person: paul.
person: kevin
person: stalin
person: aaron rodger's
person: jill soloway
person: kaskade
person: putin
person: serio
person: sam
person: kristen bell
person: lebron
person: curry
person: heeney
person: heeney
person: roseanne
person: dan
person: o'malley
person: george's
person: trump
person: david brock
person: kevin spacey
person: carrie
person: mark
person: hillary clinton
person: david brooks
person: zayn
person: trump
person: hodor
person: hodor
person: williams
person: jerry
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: danny elfman
person: rami malek
person: richard iii
person: shakespeare
person: adolf hitler
person: adolf hitler
person: rockefeller
person: matt damon
person: god
person: elizabeth
person: evan peters
person: clinton
person: trump
person: greg
person: angela
person: trump
person: john mayer
person: jon stewart
person: rami malek
person: paul mcgeough
person: grace rolek
person: sammy sosa
person: elijah
person: jack londons
person: game
person: twin blood
person: siggy
person: stephanie
person: bernie's
person: hillary
person: nader
person: montel
person: putin
person: bernie's
person: clintons
person: kit harington
person: nader
person: nader
person: kargil
person: indira gandhi
person: capaldi
person: capaldi
person: fallon
person: kimmel
person: mccree
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: aaron
person: gabbert
person: siggy
person: coz mattingly
person: mattingly
person: christie
person: baalke
person: leah
person: hillary
person: vincent price
person: nate
person: obama
person: trippen
person: berners
person: bernie
person: siggy
person: gt;trump
person: hillay
person: dave
person: aldub
person: rami malek
person: trixie mattel
person: berto
person: robert downey jr.
person: trump
person: trump
person: kate mckinnon
person: kate
person: peja
person: kurt cobain
person: kurt cobain
person: jenn
person: rachel
person: travis walton
person: arthur
person: wes johnson
person: lily
person: carissa alvarado's
person: captain america
person: obama
person: trayvon martin
person: sara chipps
person: hillary's
person: jill stein
person: casey
person: miller
person: amy
person: jill steiners
person: kap
person: noah
person: elijah
person: elijah
person: christ
person: obama
person: jesus
person: pepe
person: pepe
person: madonna
person: sana makapanood
person: washington
person: trump
person: washington
person: obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: llewyn davis
person: ashley
person: clinton
person: jose lopez
person: dom kennedy
person: ruth
person: harry
person: brandon
person: brandon
person: putin
person: gav
person: obama
person: machiavelli's venus
person: (putin's
person: trump
person: machiavelli's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: mike zimmer
person: james jones
person: merkel
person: machiavelli
person: catherine
person: merkel
person: mary
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: liza
person: jesus
person: trump
person: trump
person: benjamin franklin
person: anatole abang
person: trump
person: washington
person: laura poitras
person: hermione granger
person: hermione
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: rowling
person: clinton's
person: cornette
person: fdr
person: hillary
person: nicki
person: trump
person: matt
person: trump
person: bill
person: michelle
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan
person: ed murrow
person: murrow
person: michele monroe
person: jay z
person: liam
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: soros
person: trump
person: anastasia
person: hillary clinton
person: trump's
person: shah rukh khan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jane birkin
person: trump
person: katrina pierson
person: ahmad
person: ahmad kham ramami
person: ray
person: sammy bradford
person: luck
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary
person: baroness
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: marvi sir dard
person: obama
person: tony
person: nadia
person: pat
person: hrc
person: trumps
person: hillary
person: 
person: chris
person: chris
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: bri
person: trump
person: grady
person: grady
person: wakefield
person: cheryl miles
person: cheryl miles
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: cheryl miles:
person: trump's
person: cheryl miles
person: obama
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hillary clinton
person: malcolm roberts
person: mrs. clinton
person: whitner
person: t_ump
person: us
person: duterte
person: reince priebus
person: likes of trump
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: rob
person: rob
person: mr. wells
person: willard
person: trump
person: trump
person: nelson
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: andrea
person: sw
person: raymond chandler
person: trump
person: trump
person: carrie
person: antwan
person: antwan
person: chelsea
person: cj
person: cj
person: curt schilling
person: mcmahon
person: mrs. clinton
person: hitler
person: kasich
person: against trump
person: trump
person: edward hopper
person: minerva
person: michael mcdonald
person: susan
person: cheney
person: cheney
person: laura
person: laura
person: lorry
person: lorry
person: clinton's
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cutler
person: jesus christ
person: jerry jones
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: mike
person: obama
person: hillary
person: nader's
person: sam
person: marcus
person: garoppolo
person: donald trump
person: sarah paulson
person: paulson
person: trump
person: sam bradford
person: trump
person: brns
person: larsen
person: chris
person: tommy
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louis
person: joel sollender
person: hillary
person: chef larry
person: donald trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: earnest
person: trump
person: hamilton
person: biggie
person: ms. muffin
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: emanuel's
person: emanuel's
Musician: the smiths
person: hillary
person: clinton
person: trump's
person: ingraham
person: alan moore
person: hillary
person: michael crichton
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: hagakure
person: souda
person: wild
person: vanek
person: aaron rodgers
person: wade phillips
person: christopher poindexter
person: norma
person: illary
person: trump
person: hitler
person: dolly
person: bette midler
person: trump
person: tony romo
person: tryna
person: mac miller's
person: donald trump
person: reince priebus
person: don knotts
person: colton
person: patrick
person: trump
person: bumbledorf
person: trump's
person: alex boone
person: ricky
person: sam bradford
person: obama
person: woodson
person: kelly
person: jacoby brissett
person: belichick
person: geno
person: tebow
person: obama
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: ray kelly
person: trump
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary
person: elizabeth
person: phil
person: obama
person: dt's
person: trump
person: carlito brigante
person: mandy,
person: kristin
person: brodie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: ronald reagan
person: rahami
person: peter thomson
person: trey burton
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: max
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: timothy mcveigh
person: ahmad
person: allah
person: chelsea
person: for bush
person: bush
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mallika
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: finn
person: ahmad rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: carrie
person: sissy spacek
person: hillary
person: jane
person: hillary clinton
person: president obama
person: marcia
person: dead
person: bernie sanders
person: deni
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: maria
person: trumps
person: rahami
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: letterman/trump
person: deblasio
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lou reed
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: denzel washington
person: trumps
person: clinton
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony
person: patricia
person: ahmad khan rahami,
person: mizo
person: christie
person: president obama
person: obama
person: howes
person: clinton
person: trumps
person: pepe
person: donald
person: neil wampler
person: sheri
person: natasha
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: , alberto
person: alberto
person: ahmad
person: jamie dornan
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: santa
person: santa
person: christie
person: wildstein
person: steve
person: ray donovan
person: obama
person: paul giamotti
person: hillary clinton
person: ahmad rahami
person: obama
person: jessica
person: rob
person: rob
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: john wall
person: about hitler
person: hillary
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: tom brady
person: harry edwards
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hillary/kane
person: jim mennino
person: christie
person: chuck schumer
person: schumer
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: michael
person: obama
person: clinton
person: chrissy
person: obama
person: trumps
person: abe
person: marc
person: baroni
person: rembrandt
person: anton
person: josh earnest,
person: hillary
person: marcellus
person: mr. bailey
person: fozzy
person: malcolm
person: bill!
person: super mario
person: jeremy
person: christie's
person: kiki's
person: cito
person: rachel
person: bill gates
person: hillary clinton
person: patrick macnee
person: george wallace
person: wallace
person: trump
person: susan solomon
person: chris martin
person: trump
person: sean smith
person: chris fearnow
person: mr. bennet
person: hillary
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: moby
person: remy
person: george clinton
person: trump
person: obama
person: hrc
person: corey feldman
person: hillary
person: stewie
person: chris christie
person: chris
person: hillary
person: obama
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: abdul ahkbar
person: gregg
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: hiliry
person: baghdad bob
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: simon
person: chambara
person: casey
person: galloway
person: saban
person: ridley
person: rob
person: jess
person: cody
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: johnson and stein
person: trump
person: milner
person: joe
person: obama
person: nader
person: david abney
person: david abney
person: obama
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: lorelai
person: gypsy
person: trump
person: trump
person: ashley
person: cox,
person: churchill
person: liz
person: nawti
person: julian
person: sonny
person: bernie
person: jane
person: bette
person: trump
person: brian
person: suzanne
person: out darwin
person: hillary
person: donna
person: jatalie
person: pence
person: pence
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: hillary
person: ripert
person: likeobama
person: peter
person: president andrew jackson
person: reagan
person: hardwick
person: nicks
person: led zep
person: jimmy
person: hoffman
person: miss greengross
person: colin kaepernick
person: rigney
person: vii
person: luke skywalker
person: emma
person: obama
person: nicki
person: brent
person: linden
person: bruce
person: trump
person: carly
person: tebow
person: s a t a n
person: mr. tommy
person: donald trump
person: don
person: wright
person: nicole
person: logan
person: hf
person: colin kaepernick
person: obama
person: nats
person: meyer
person: corey
person: woodhead
person: heidi
person: larry king
person: arbuckle
person: hillary
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: heidi
person: hedberg
person: trump
person: trump
person: drake
person: drake
person: trump
person: fred
person: trump
person: val
person: maino
person: ophelia
person: jenny
person: burkha dutt
person: a j
person: kylie
person: kylie
person: trump
person: loyd
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: justin
person: hailey
person: duuuude
person: bernie's
person: rick ross
person: hillary
person: keenan allen
person: danny woodhead
person: drew brees
person: ms bond
person: wade
person: mathews
person: justin
person: rupaul
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: jason falconer
person: hillary
person: manny
person: hotashi's
person: betty
person: biebs
person: cuban
person: wilson
person: w randy, nick &amp
person: bon iver
person: frank ocean
person: brian
person: clemson
person: hallie
person: juicy
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: fern
person: corey feldman
person: mj
person: mj
person: trump
person: ny/nj bomber
person: tebow
person: hillary
person: calum
person: rob
person: about \"saint ed
person: oliver stone
person: hillary
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: katz
person: lchf
person: golovkin
person: vince
person: normans
person: trump
person: brittany
person: lou amundson
person: ndour
person: phil
person: keith thurman
person: trump
person: sanders
person: hillary
person: michelle
person: nicole
person: mulder
person: hillary's
person: blair waldorf
person: victor victrola
person: brock turner
person: wade
person: alexis texas
person: ranadive
person: elon musk
person: justin
person: samuel l jackson
person: hillary
person: pam bondi
person: trump
person: mcqueary
person: jay paterno
person: scarlett
person: daryl
person: daryl
person: joe paterno
person: joepa
person: leila
person: hanley ramirez.
person: nader
person: porcello richard
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: danny woodhead
person: bert
person: chris christie
person: woolsey
person: trump
person: avi
person: barb
person: barb
person: jesus
person: ignatius loyola
person: hillary clinton
person: paterno
person: sandusky
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sawyer
person: luv dj
person: trump
person: trump
person: paul ryan
person: ryan's
person: tina
person: colin kaepernick
person: christian
person: 2 friends
person: donald trump
person: hart
person: beatty
person: colin kaepernick
person: donald
person: ty ronning
person: ahmad rahami
person: eric
person: turner
person: connor
person: jordan
person: meek &amp; isaiah
person: linden
person: ahmad rahami
person: marty
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: eric garner
person: eric garner
person: fred's
person: rahami
person: jimmy vesey
person: buch
person: maria
person: jimmy carter
person: trump
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: mohammed al gergawi
person: craig
person: colin kaepernick.
person: pj
person: trump
person: nathan
person: trump
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: caddell
person: trump
person: justin
person: laurence fishburne
person: christie
person: yormark
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: juno's
person: hillary
person: rahami
person: z
person: trump
person: trump
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: mohammad
person: gavin creel's
person: thomas brady
person: enemy combatants
person: sen. grassley
person: justin
person: justin
person: james
person: trump
person: juan williams
person: andy v netrtg
person: draymond green
person: andy v
person: rakesh sinha
person: johnson
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: nicole
person: james
person: louie anderson
person: jozen
person: rahami
person: trump
person: trump
person: parker
person: parker
person: steph
person: terrorists
person: lletget
person: hillary clinton
person: mr cranston
person: justin
person: pedro
person: josh norman
person: gabon's dictator
person: ratboyz
person: johnny depp
person: william h. macy
person: jason bay jersey
person: trump
person: josh
person: star princess li-ming
person: hillary
person: jay
person: linda
person: kellyn
person: christopher kane
person: hitler
person: smisa
person: trump
person: tim tebow
person: bassianus
person: gw bush
person: roald
person: mike
person: james
person: vaul
person: obama
person: trump
person: cory booker
person: conan
person: conan
person: boyka
person: baskin
person: hillary
person: jimbo
person: phil
person: dodgers
person: phil
person: colin kaepernick
person: jesus
person: gronks
person: patriots
person: develin
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: mr. rhamai
person: kenny atkinson
person: kenny
person: hillary
person: wentz
person: donald trump.
person: kap
person: kap
person: stephanie j. block
person: alameda da nancy o'malley
person: holly,
person: trump
person: george w bush
person: obama
person: hillary
person: trump
person: allan
person: nana
person: hillary/obama
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: josh
person: heinrich himmler
person: john malkovich
person: sarah kessinger
person: hillary
person: trump
person: lucas
person: lucas
person: bish
person: against trump
person: stephanie
person: amp; trump
person: trump
person: james
person: anna
person: noah syndergaard
person: matt kemp
person: against trump
person: ronald reagan
person: ralph nader
person: martha stewart
person: martha
person: clinton
person: iniesta
person: jeff
person: heather mac donald
person: pastor mark
person: brandon manning
person: obama
person: obama
person: warren
person: andrea
person: reagan
person: trump
person: richard
person: peak dad
person: sasha
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: murray
person: jill
person: kayne
person: trump
person: francis fukuyama
person: ron howard
person: mm
person: carson palmer
person: mr. goodell
person: mookie betts
person: mr. boyd
person: trump
person: trump
person: trumpster
person: trumpster
person: josh
person: jimbo
person: jim
person: dawn
person: hugh hefner
person: burt glinn
person: adrian peterson
person: peterson
person: immy
person: clintons
person: clintons
person: jim cooley
person: sasha
person: jeff hiller
person: tonn
person: noah syndergaard
person: noah
person: ramsey bolton
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: nader
person: chris
person: rudy
person: chris
person: vic
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: clinton
person: don murray
person: trump
person: amp; hillary
person: obama
person: jordyn
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: steve oliver
person: noah syndergaard's
person: coach
person: adam
person: kristen bell's
person: nicki minaj
person: william shatner
person: kirk!
person: joel
person: novick's
person: hillary clinton
person: hillary
person: dr. james forbes
person: christe
person: hillary clinton
person: leonard nimoy
person: brandi
person: max
person: john
person: donald
person: trump
person: trumps
person: kiki
person: malcolm jenkins
person: mexico
person: rob
person: burt reynolds
person: hillary
person: frankie muniz
TVshowactor: malcolm in the middle
person: montel williams
person: mr. williams
person: tom brady
person: brooks
person: burt reynolds
person: jim
person: jim
person: miss peabody
person: trump
person: liz warren.
person: adrian peterson
person: martin and rawls.
person: jason
person: obama/ clinton
person: sasha
person: demi lovato
person: eric holder
person: eric holder
person: matt
person: timothy mcveigh
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jeffrey goldberg
person: rob
person: putins
person: jeremy langford
person: brady
person: trump
person: trump
person: jensen
person: trumps
person: charlotte
person: james
person: paul
person: tupac
person: jensen
person: dian bachar
person: gundbert scherf
person: trump's
person: 0bama
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: gary graham
person: ellsworth
person: trump
person: keith
person: ahmad rahami
person: wondo
person: obama
person: obama
person: sugarnutz
person: trump
person: trump
person: michael hibberd
person: nicole
person: gruden's
person: don jr
person: reid
person: mr. deblasio
person: tulsi
person: alshon jeffery
person: doug holsclaw 
person: bo dallas
person: obama
person: clinton's
person: bill
person: allan
person: macos sierra
person: hillary
person: isaac seumalo
person: wisnewski
person: meek
person: cajal
person: foxley
person: don jr
person: trayvon
person: tom cullen
person: jeremy renner
person: cullen
person: david simon
person: gore
person: jim carrey
person: jim
person: carly rae jepsen
person: obama
person: hillary
person: obama
person: jon
person: obama
person: ricky
person: joe jonas
person: joe's
person: hollow
person: lara
person: ben
person: luis
person: drake
person: liam
person: chris berman
person: obama
person: hrc
person: bill
person: obama
person: ricky
person: shannon
person: mary
person: doug
person: justin bieber
person: jb 
person: zachary quinto
person: gary
person: nick pro
person: mark
person: what ricky
person: jon arbuckle
person: charmian carr
person: clinton's
person: trump
person: obama
person: ajit
person: clinton
person: david bannon
person: hillary
person: daisy
person: aaron ekblad
person: drake
person: darren
person: dennis
person: teapots
person: john
person: hitchcock
person: lames
person: posey
person: obama
person: dana
person: malkin
person: chad
person: cuomo
person: marion fiedler
person: jeff wilpon
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: joe walsh
person: jon arbuckle
person: r.kelly
person: gruden
person: tim
person: trump
person: gianfranco rosi's
person: bilge
person: r.kelly
person: trump
person: ryan matthews
person: drew bledsoe
person: brett farve
person: queen
person: kyle's
person: bush
person: hussein
person: jim
person: billy carter
person: allison wortche
person: diego
person: clinton
person: romney
person: trump
person: julian
person: alexis
person: pariah carey
person: sarah silverman
person: ed begley junior
person: bart
person: jay cutler
person: jesse
person: dana miller
person: hillary
person: james
person: tristan thompson
person: harry
person: jeff bridges
person: obama
person: shabbir
person: clinton's
person: jim robinson
person: serena
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: graydon carter
person: diana
person: mary hart
person: john torterella
person: katrina pierson
person: fleetwood mac
person: trump jr.s
person: brian williams
person: jimbo
person: bush
person: diaz
person: aldo
person: alvarez
person: tortorella
person: dr moon
person: pence's
person: mr david
person: jane
person: tom cotton
person: bob seger
person: alex's
person: steve
person: mike pence's
person: pence
person: raven
person: kane
person: mike pence's
person: doestrump
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: steve cho
person: lance
person: kobe
person: darren
person: jeff zucker
person: don pablo
person: terence crutcher 
person: gaga
person: jen
person: mandy
person: hannity
person: szpilka
person: trump
person: trump
person: zuma
person: cakey
person: obama
person: david
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jose
person: lyss
person: ferguson
person: alshon
person: david
person: blokk
person: hitachi
person: david
person: tracy
person: mr. potty mouth
person: alexander skarsgard
person: sogie
person: aj reed
person: marwin
person: kisan ekta
person: charles darwin's
person: crookeddonald
person: cathy
person: pros
person: xtina
person: chels
person: vin scully
person: cueto
person: jay cutler
person: trump
person: trump
person: farah dhukai
person: ck
person: scott
person: george
person: realmuto
person: trump jr
person: trump
person: molly picon
person: vogt
person: jay
person: hill
person: kendrick
person: carson wentz
person: steven
person: brad pitt
person: sjw
person: bw
person: semien
person: gibbs
person: president obama
person: jordan
person: mr. mcgiveron
person: matthew
person: donald trump
person: josiah
person: terence crutcher
person: colin kapernik
person: ashurri
person: pence
person: maer
person: trump
person: epstein
person: clarke
person: lester
person: bumgarner
person: trump
person: rashid adt agent
person: will smith
person: will smith
person: jerry
person: nick jonas
person: trump
person: rodgers'
person: jaby
person: donald trump's
person: kuip
person: trump
person: zied chrabichte
person: trump
person: komleva
person: tamar
person: rex reed's
person: rex
person: sergio romo
person: adrian
person: jordan
person: anthony green
person: madonna
person: gaga
person: mumford
person: tony bennett
person: tony
person: arieta
person: jeb
person: bin laden
person: leo
person: ryan
person: trump
person: ghost rider
person: tom-collins
person: icymi
person: sherlock feldman
person: chad
person: carm
person: jordan
person: jack
person: abigail
person: allison
person: mrs. 's pervasive
person: michel foucault
person: brody
person: ari
person: barrry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: cuban
person: trump
person: trump
person: marshawn lynch
person: martin luther king
person: king
person: marshawn lynch
person: dean pelton
person: charlotte
person: trump
person: killary
person: davonte
person: kristy mcnichol
person: travis fimmels
person: hillary
person: paul
person: chiftikhar aitzaza
person: bill
person: deray
person: hugh hardy
person: hillary
person: angela lansbury
person: charlie
person: ahmad abu salo
person: trump
person: rudy 
person: bush familys
person: donald trump
person: ms. clinton
person: godard
person: hannah
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: molly cyrus
person: vorm
person: lamela
person: kw
person: chris christie
person: amp; giuliani
person: marilyn
person: ann coulter
person: george zimmerman
person: jesse
person: hillary
person: gt; bill clinton
person: khan
person: trump
person: donald
person: baron
person: westley
person: trump
person: trump
person: rep. john lewis
person: janis
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: clinton
person: camby
person: alina
person: anwen
person: trump
person: donald trump jr.
person: hitler
person: rose pak
person: shakti prana
person: hillary clinton
person: lindy
person: trump,
person: beyonc
person: trump
person: jimmy carter
person: emily blunt
person: trump
person: marxian
person: kiara
person: donald trump
person: raphael guerreiro
person: bruce
person: donald trump
person: dada vaswani
person: max
person: hillary
person: john goodman
person: obama's
person: tony kaye
person: kiara
person: travis fimmels
person: , maggie
person: the , maggie
person: trump
person: guajardo
person: trump
person: vince neil
person: gregg
person: lorry's
person: lorry
person: jeffery
person: divya
person: divya!
person: kim
person: kim
person: chris walken
person: brooks
person: whitney houston
person: trump
person: john roberts
person: mike pence
person: trump
person: wapo
person: robby mook
person: hrc
person: trump
person: trump
person: lord
person: hillary
person: obama
person: obama
person: andreesen
person: wally west
person: larry summers
person: kam corleone
person: mcgregor
person: eddy
person: hillary's
person: byrd
person: :hillary clinton
person: trump
person: sam amick
person: troy davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: laney
person: loui erikson
person: ian frazier
person: byron kim
person: ken
person: mcdonnell douglas
person: trump
person: barry
person: pia
person: donald trump
person: mike pence
person: pence
person: magda
person: jeff zucker
person: bernie sanders
person: whaler
person: heather
person: mcwill
person: sarah
person: joe scarborough
person: trump
person: michelangelo
person: clinton
person: travis darnauds
person: dean merit e. janow
person: adrija
person: sweta
person: larry
person: john r. towle
person: bette midler
person: clinton
person: trump
person: louie
person: clinton
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: trump
person: gerry adams
person: mook
person: kellanne
person: clinton
person: dr, joseph lin
person: emily lynch
person: cass
person: kasich
person: trump
person: kellyanne
person: trump
person: joe
person: dorn
person: nixon
person: kendall jenner
person: josh
person: stewart feitel
person: florida
person: santa claus
person: chappelle
person: trump
person: tim kaine
person: melissa etheridge
person: trump
person: howard
person: rachel ray
person: raila
person: djt
person: hrc
person: trump
person: hrc
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: trent dilfer
person: trump
person: christ
person: obama
person: adele
person: mariah's
person: alicia
person: chewie
person: bill kristol
person: hrc
person: hania
person: kelly
person: mariah's
person: mary jane holland
person: jony
person: mr h
person: mr h
person: michael jackson
person: molly ivins
person: murray kempton
person: trump
person: soulja boy
person: salma
person: hoffman
person: lin
person: lin
person: danny brown
person: maxo kream
person: hillary clinton
person: 9/11
person: trump's
person: hillary clinton
person: dj logic
person: keith lamont scott
person: terence crutcher
person: tim
person: linda
person: versa
person: patti
person: patti
person: carlos hyde
person: obama
person: trump
person: poldark
person: ross
person: cuomo
person: kyle
person: kyle soller!
person: trump
person: charlie sheen
person: derek
person: ruth
person: ashley 
person: jillian
person: cesare battisti's
person: patty hearst
person: trump
person: jamie murray's
person: linda
person: breitbart
person: cenk
person: adam
person: kiefer sutherland
person: brangelina
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: the khan
person: john berman
person: lillian
person: mclaren
person: hrc
person: hillary's
person: jennie
person: pence
person: trump
person: trump
person: billy joe saunders
person: james/nicole
person: aunt beru
person: harold mitchell
person: charlotte
person: robby mook
person: hillary clinton
person: milo yiannopoulus
person: trump
person: maji
person: eddie izzard
person: cuomo
person: tom dooley
person: johnny cheese
person: trump
person: donald
person: nate silver
person: drakes
person: trump
person: paul combetta
person: trump
person: chris christie
person: tim cook
person: mark
person: leon cooperman
person: hillary
person: hrc
person: clinton
person: darin swanson
person: cc
person: vox's
person: jill stein
person: steve
person: parker's
person: don king
person: sessions
person: t.sharpe
person: stuart mcclure
person: vinny
person: sam leith
person: elena
person: onika stan
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: jessica
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: rudy giuliani
person: trump
person: don king
person: trump
person: obama
person: obama
person: tatyana
person: mark ruffalo
person: ziggy
person: alex
person: megan
person: greg
person: banks
person: darden
person: aaron tveit
person: milo
person: karen
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: kelly's
person: jorge ona
person: daniel
person: sidiki diabate
person: hillary
person: tony montana
person: jack nicholson
person: obama
person: obaminators
person: murray
person: tyler
person: platte
person: rex
person: rex
person: keanu reeves
person: obama's
person: maurice sendak
person: thomas
person: one in clinton
person: trump
person: mumtaz
person: hrc
person: trump
person: bill clinton
person: hillary
person: miocic
person: jake
person: miocic
person: stipe
person: hillary
person: trump
person: tobias
person: sam
person: cupertino
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: putins
person: jaco pastorius,
person: hamilton
person: cavill
person: obama
person: obama
person: tobias
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: bush
person: trump
person: henry
person: callum
person: tobias
person: samuel
person: april 
person: marvin
person: obama
person: obama
person: kim davis
person: tim cook
person: krugman
person: hines ward
person: jennifer aniston
person: angie!
person: trump
person: arthur schopenhauer
person: acqui
person: trumps
person: katica
person: isaiah
person: angelino
person: david
person: billy
person: trump
person: ggg
person: colbert
person: avery
person: elizabeth
person: trump
person: adam bello
person: luis
person: charles manson
person: trump
person: tim reilly
person: varg
person: varg
person: queen katwe
person: colin kaepernick
person: austin
person: donald trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: clinton
person: trump
person: jim carrey
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: albert
person: anthony weiner
person: joe
person: maslow's
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: jennifer
person: jennifer
person: lucia
person: spencer
person: san francisco
person: nino
person: nino
person: rocky
person: mark zuckerberg
person: trump
person: omarosa
person: mark zuckerberg
person: zuckerberg
person: kap
person: hillary clinton
person: tim kaine
person: chewbacca
person: kap
person: gabbert
person: gina torres
person: hrc
person: shawty
person: donnie jr
person: john kirby
person: hillary
person: don king
person: omfgfgskfkdj
person: davey scatino
person: adrian franks
person: mobb deep
person: deborah eisenberg
person: norman
person: james
person: arugula
person: arugula
person: clinton
person: prince dismal,
person: bibi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: paterno
person: joe paterno
person: trump
person: josh norman
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: watkins
person: trump
person: marshall
person: ezekiel elliott's
person: stacy
person: jon.
person: for hillary
person: kate
person: kelly t lemieux
person: noor salman
person: chloe
person: paterno
person: why sandusky
person: sanji
person: sanji
person: fermat
person: hillarys
person: trumpians
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ.
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: bush clan
person: keith lamont scott
person: trump
person: alex
person: keith lamont scott
person: theresa may
person: obama
person: netanyahu
person: bush
person: infowars
person: infowars
person: clinton's
person: jesus christ
person: she
person: she
person: pitbull
person: daniel radcliffe
person: nick jonas
person: ben
person: hillary
person: keith lamont scott
person: anna
person: hillary
person: washington
person: stewart's
person: trump
person: anna
person: trump
person: chris long
person: trump
person: miles davis
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: jay
person: leno
person: jay
person: leno
person: leno
person: williams
person: jd kimball
person: trump
person: kimball
person: jd kimball
person: jill
person: jd kimball
person: kelli o'hara
person: trump
person: jelani
person: trump
person: koenders
person: williams
person: trump
person: cookie lyon
person: kelly price
person: amp; pastor wilkins
person: trump's
person: satoshi
person: sharon
person: chadwick
person: ahmad khan rahami
person: carlos
person: hillary clinton
person: jd kimball
person: kelce
person: kelce
person: gates
person: alice
person: kaepernick
person: bin laden
person: trump's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hutch
person: julian edelman
person: t..rump
person: john boehner
person: obomb
person: matt
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: anthony weiner
person: elaine stritch
person: elaine stritch
person: hillary clinton
person: webb
person: aaron
person: hillary
person: brother baker
person: michelle
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: aunt viv
person: dal colle
person: josh
person: trump
person: hillary
person: donas
person: dwayne washington
person: washington
person: dixon
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeremy corbyn
person: george
person: chris gaines.
person: trump
person: trump
person: jeb
person: hillary
person: steve
person: richard
person: adam
person: jumins
person: yoosung
person: curtis
person: eddy kenzo
person: eddy kenzo
person: sjb
person: laura
person: doug
person: cait
person: andrea mitchell.
person: god
person: clinton
person: aaron sorkin
person: jade
person: evan
person: trump
person: pablo escobar
person: mengden
person: steven matz
person: superman
person: kovalev/ward
person: roberto clemente
person: eminem
person: clinton
person: lucille frank
person: hillary
person: brian
person: patsy's
person: damon hellstrum
person: peter thiel
person: don king
person: patsy
person: clinton
person: amelia
person: natalie
person: halak
person: tavares
person: hillary clinton
person: cramer's
person: tim burton
person: burke ramsey
person: jonbenet
person: michael
person: hillary clinton
person: chip kelly
person: tammy
person: donte moncrief
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: sandy allerheiligen
person: derek jeter
person: trump
person: danno
person: al capone
person: john kerry
person: hillary
person: sondheim's
person: trumps
person: chris rock
person: don king
person: clinton
person: bradford
person: aleix garcia!
person: donte moncreif
person: taylor swift
person: shawty lo
person: fraser
person: aleix garcia
otherpersonname: my daughter
person: obama
person: andrew sullivan
person: rory
person: lane
person: hillary
person: eric
person: pence
person: trump
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: ryan
person: trump
person: don king
person: clinton
person: maya
person: stumpf
person: suu kyi
person: trump
person: jon hilsenrath
person: charles
person: ted
person: trump
person: hillary
person: trump
person: howard
person: peter thiel
person: steve
person: jessica
person: carmen cusack
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: erics
person: jordan
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hrc
person: trump
person: clinton
person: josh norman
person: britt mchenry
person: jess
person: nyomie
person: adrian peterson
person: corey
person: brady
person: garoppolo
person: jacob degrom
person: cassel
person: cassel
person: brady
person: kev
person: hank
person: hank
person: lundqvist
person: trump
person: edelman
person: jamie collins
person: trump
person: trump
person: beyonc
person: ggg
person: jacobs
person: cam
person: tredwells
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: henry
person: kaepernick
person: stephen hawking
person: august
person: hillary
person: trump
person: henry
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: joey bats
person: colbert
person: hillary clinton
person: kellyanne
person: hillary
person: mother mary
person: corey coleman
person: hillary
person: phil
person: thomas aquinas
person: hillary
person: carol fitzgerald
person: bob
person: hillary's
person: colin kaepernick
person: philpot
person: greggers morrison
person: christie
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: jamesy
person: james
person: kardashians
person: kardashians
person: wiener
person: myles
person: myles
person: travis
person: frank ocean
person: trumps
person: david
person: mom
person: whoopi goldberg
person: corey coleman
person: browns
person: frankie
person: thomas friedman
person: nash
person: nellie
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump/clinton/johnson
person: francis
person: bern
person: obama
person: danny
person: steve
person: angela merkel
person: trump
person: bernie
person: hrc
person: harry styles
person: ms herron
person: trump
person: hatch
person: alison
person: arnold
person: trump
person: zica
person: jerome's
person: aaron loup
person: jeff
person: jeff
person: wendy morales
person: lori
person: henrik lundqvist
person: mackinnon
person: donald trump
person: uncle miltie
person: bosch
person: amp; nostradamus
person: josh
person: kim k
person: suarez-orozco
person: erickson
person: anthony weiner
person: trump
person: hillary
person: daemon
person: trump
person: castro
person: roberta
person: miles morales
person: hillary
person: august wilson
person: nairobi
person: trump
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: marc
person: obama
person: biden
person: sila
person: yung
person: pala
person: obama
person: django
person: django
person: aldi
person: hillary
person: mang
person: lucy
person: jeff probst
person: james
person: cribbs
person: hrc
person: bill clinton
person: monica lewinsky
person: clinton
person: dan
person: zeke.
person: rooney
person: michelle
person: mrbroskitv
person: hillary
person: harlan
person: dans
person: obama
person: obama
person: jeremy corbyn
person: jordan
person: marion cotillard
person: pogbas
person: paso robles
person: raleigh
person: anne hathaway
person: ghana's
person: adam
person: erica wilson
person: trump
person: chandler
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: clinton
person: justin bieber
person: justin bieber
person: yinzers
person: jessica
person: trump
person: joel anthony
person: aarthi's
person: nelson's
person: tanaka
person: st. louis
person: corinne
person: corinne
person: nunes
person: charlamagne
person: jodie foster's
person: jerry
person: mecklenburg ems
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: eli target
person: mylans
person: curtis granderson
person: cespedes
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: odell beckham jr.
person: josh nroman
person: ben
person: gary sanchez
person: peggy sanday
person: temer
person: lula
person: james
person: gallant
person: trump
person: hillary
person: mike ferrara
person: eli
person: hannity
person: flo
person: t.i.
person: harmon,
person: canadian
person: chente
person: ramn ayala
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: kevin maas
person: germany
person: duke
person: the rock
person: jenny's
person: melania trump
person: yadier
person: terry
person: floyd
person: allen robinson
person: foreal
person: michael brown
person: popplio
person: popplio
person: terry's
person: reed
person: brandon marshall, aj green, josh gordon
person: anthony weiner
person: callie
person: ella
person: freeman
person: rohmer
person: donna
person: obama
person: trump
person: mark davis
person: james loney
person: duda
person: tina
person: gilinsky
person: matt kemp
person: jeurys familia
person: collins
person: joker
person: reed
person: jeurys familia
person: terry
person: freddie
person: crosby
person: lucas duda
person: michael tracey
person: keith scott
person: alejandra jones
person: tyler's
person: norbu
person: maya
person: derek
person: toni
person: toni
person: amelia
person: donald
person: dolly parton or jane fonda
person: trump
person: jeanlain
person: james
person: paul
person: odell beckham jr
person: josh adams
person: james
person: t.j. rivera
person: kelly johnson
person: kannada
person: rick
person: christine
person: kj
person: murtaugh
person: ben natan
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: kevin plawecki
person: kevin plawecki
person: kirks
person: walt disney
person: chancleta
person: soraya
person: kelly johnson
person: solano
person: fletch
person: trump
person: don king
person: conor mcgregor
person: terrignos
person: jason
person: kaytra's
person: kaepernick
person: jai
person: don king
person: solomon
person: muhammad
person: clinton
person: jeva
person: muhammad
person: dansby swanson
person: terry
person: ashlee
person: langford jordy
person: trump
person: robert swift
person: mark \"mad dog\" madsen
person: ender inciarte
person: putin
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: plawecki
person: charlie culberson
person: segedin
person: obama
person: sis
person: kathy bates
person: ben
person: soros
person: soros
person: booker t
person: bruce
person: doorey
person: kyle
person: morgan
person: meg murry, gangy, and veronica mars
person: colin kaepernick
person: kiefer sutherland
person: d'arnaud
person: asdrubal cabrera
person: tda
person: lalaurie
person: maril
person: rhonnie
person: hillary's.
person: trump
person: kraft
person: bayley
person: karan
person: heston
person: shelby miller
person: shelby miller
person: julius lester
person: shelby miller
person: richard lynn
person: trout
person: daughter
person: rika
person: debra
person: pff
person: pff
person: deion
person: jose
person: mr.bacon
person: terry
person: bill weld
person: trump
person: trump
person: chomsky
person: gary apple
person: joe
person: john spencer
person: terry collins
person: collins
person: richard sherman
person: kanye
person: hrc
person: willie harris
person: reed
person: tc
person: chipper jones
person: diaz
person: kamin
person: nic
person: diaz
person: keith lamont
person: lions
person: lyons
person: brian
person: kirkman
person: quinton
person: julia and
person: corey
person: gits 
relative: husband
person: putin
person: clinton
person: newk
person: trump
person: chris
person: richard lynn
person: jack
person: sonia
person: paul
person: sheen
person: bernie
person: vijay amritraj
person: vj
person: connors
person: giuliani
person: lebron
person: forte
person: ben
person: jadine
person: nicole
person: obama
person: john
person: da'onne
person: paul
person: hillary
person: brad
person: ben
person: kiefer sutherland
person: ronde barber
person: sarah &amp; aurelio
person: leo messi
person: obama
person: the president
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: theresa lepore
person: jadine
person: tom jones
person: donny
person: ted
person: vic
person: casey
person: trump
person: lady gaga
person: hillary
person: obama
person: sir asli khel
person: atal bihari vajpayee
person: maslow
person: trump
person: kiefer's
person: matt cain
person: matt cain
person: larry sabato
person: hillary
person: trump
person: sam
person: katie s
person: trump
person: drumpf
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: oprah
person: hillary
person: girl
person: trump
person: allo
person: allo
person: motoko
person: matilda
person: sigourney weaver
person: elaine
person: donald trump
person: tommy
person: edwin c
person: corey crawford
person: kehlani
person: robert whittaker
person: robert whittaker
person: trump
person: elizabeth warren
person: brad pitt
person: nicky paris
person: elizabeth warren
person: gallade
person: peyton
person: peyton
person: da'vonne
person: steve
person: elizabeth warren
person: fuhrman
person: mark fuhrman
person: fuhrman
person: augustus
person: machine gun kelly - young man ft. chief
person: my mom
person: mamma
person: mike
person: mike
person: dani
person: krystle
person: renee
person: trump
person: trump
person: rachel
person: rudy giuliani
person: steven
person: hillary
person: obama
person: hill
person: amp; deroy murdock
person: trump
person: alice's
person: lori
person: asimov
person: sabina
person: hillary
person: don king
person: connie
person: hillary
person: trump
person: audrey hepburn
person: nathan
person: blach
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: gary sanchez
person: brett's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: remy
person: trump:there
person: obama
person: obama
person: trump
person: summer
person: luis
person: jack kirby
person: ted
person: owambe
person: mccrory
person: mccrory
person: amy guth
person: p
person: geraldo
person: trump
person: justin
person: azhar
person: trump
person: hillary
person: obama
person: preach
person: yolandi
person: don king
person: don king
person: delia
person: dalai lama
person: maddy
person: maddy
person: anthony hernandez
person: larry sabato
person: trump
person: drew magary
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: gary sanchez
person: jeff
person: jeff jenkins
person: tom tilton
person: trump
person: laura jane grace
person: laura jane grace
person: linda
person: donald
person: trump
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: paul
person: mark cuban
person: trump
person: kimmy
person: jarrod
person: jeremy
person: jara hamee
person: helen mirren's
person: anna karina
person: gary sanchez
person: magnum pi
person: nicole
person: bush's
person: obama's
person: eddie alvarez
person: khabib
person: joe
person: obama
person: nicole
person: trump
person: trump
person: johnson
person: gary johnson
person: krystle
person: chloe
person: robby mook
person: hillary
person: jeff
person: james
person: trump
person: brit
person: trump
person: madonna
person: madonna
person: president obama
person: rudy giuliani
person: mayor giuliani
person: jims
person: keith scott
person: billie joe armstrong
person: madison bumgarner
person: madbum
person: bernie
person: p
person: trump
person: trump
person: jesus
person: johnny gaudreau
person: nats
person: roberto
person: oz
person: nic
person: natalie
person: james fans
person: mito
person: oscar
person: skeletor
person: deray
person: mark
person: pogba
person: mitchelle
person: kalsoom
person: michelle
person: dolan
person: tyrell's
person: eliot
person: hillary
person: trump
person: natalies
person: james
person: meech
person: anthony weiner
person: sam heughan
person: james
person: nat
person: james
person: paul
person: lewandowski
person: paul
person: meech
person: herbie
person: herbie
person: giuliani
person: giuliani
person: micah
person: bri
person: james
person: benny
person: trump
person: clinton
person: hillary
person: trump
person: angelina jolie
person: hillary
person: victor
person: donald
person: jesus
person: obama
person: president obama
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kaepernick
person: clinton
person: trump
person: martin
person: us boy
person: sadiq khan
person: mel
person: trump
person: trump's
person: gail
person: sarah paulson
person: mylene
person: hillary
person: trump
person: donald
person: trump
person: trump
person: white
person: coraline
person: trump
person: brian
person: tommy
person: frank
person: fop rep
person: hillary clinton
person: hrc
person: hrc
person: mike
person: chris pea
person: hitler
person: joe percoco
person: bill deblasio
person: pollock
person: my
person: trump's
person: hillary
person: sean hannity
person: greg
person: bo
person: fam
person: benjamins
person: maria
person: suki
person: lula
person: kelly johnson
person: alan
person: coughlin
person: tomlin
person: tom
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: katya
person: trump
person: sanders
person: john kerry
person: putin
person: appreciated, sherie
person: john maclean
person: brady quinn
person: eho
person: alexis
person: kelendria
person: hilary
person: sanders
person: lin
person: keith
person: terence
person: michelle bachmann
person: trump
person: romo
person: clyde
person: grabovski
person: jeff
person: tony gonzalez
person: goetz
person: okposo
person: mark ruffalo
person: trump
person: makkia
person: kyle
person: kyle
person: jt
person: franz
person: jill stein
person: jt
person: trump
person: god's
person: mami
person: harris
person: obama
person: christian
person: sam
person: rita marley
person: mr t
person: evan
person: canelo
person: hillary
person: sierra
person: jez
person: shawn
person: linda
person: namor
person: obama
person: namor
person: trump
person: donald
person: taleb's
person: nathan
person: jane
person: clintons
person: carson wentz
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: harry carson
person: carl banks
person: melinda
person: sanchez
person: jordani
person: david
person: dhoni
person: colin firth
person: trump's
person: chloe
person: barack obama
person: obama
person: ex-cuomo aides
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: tim mcveigh
person: ether
person: jay
person: freya
person: kerry
person: mcveigh
person: lin
person: colin kaepernick
person: barrett
person: trump
person: dead
person: blanco
person: mlk
person: trump
person: jim
person: trump
person: clinton
person: trump
person: sheriff arpaio
person: arpaio
person: dre
person: alex turner
person: julian casablancas
person: amp; howarth
person: frank
person: hrc
person: trump
person: yusif
person: trump
person: gingrich
person: rob
person: eva
person: keith lamont scott
person: nick
person: alex
person: clintonian
person: colin kaepernick
person: edelman
person: mellisa
person: jeremy
person: lin
person: hugo
person: bernie
person: martin
person: amp; eddie redmayne
person: martin
person: gov. mccrory
person: governor
person: sanders
person: sanders
person: andy richter
person: chris
person: chris
otherperson: mum
otherperson: mom
person: donald trump
person: god's
person: mel b
person: hrc
person: trump
person: assad
person: hillary
person: trump
person: trump
person: powell
person: kitzmiller
person: abraham
person: steve kerr
person: trump
person: ken
person: hillary clinton
person: obama
person: alicia
person: antonio brown
person: obama's
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: hillary
person: abraham
person: colin
person: sanders
person: bernie
person: hillary
person: hanna
person: brangelina
person: donald trump
person: weiners.
person: glenn
person: donald
person: liesman
person: president clinton
person: obama
person: donald trump
person: trump
person: kessel's
person: steven
person: h. h. holmes
person: j.k. rowlings
person: riley
person: riley
person: mohammad
person: jamal mccant
person: autumn
person: bruno 
person: david clarkson
person: hillary
person: allie
person: trump
person: trump
person: george
person: klay
person: max
person: hillary
person: rubio
person: trump
person: trump
person: mullahs
person: hrc
person: hillary clinton
person: hilllary
person: obama
person: vincent d'onofrio
person: clinton
person: donald trump
person: jj
person: trump
person: looting trump
person: glenn
person: trump
person: corinne
person: stormy rottman
person: hillary
person: hillary
person: scioscia
person: murda mook
person: lenard ben
person: trump
person: trump's
person: nadine
person: trump jr:
person: brisett
person: ravi shankar
person: trump
person: trump
person: stein
person: drumpf
person: mckinnon
person: kenneth dixon
person: mlk
person: trump
person: trump
person: trump
person: tony ayala jr
person: ayala
person: roberto duran
person: iris
person: sam
person: obama
person: burnham
person: colin kaepernick
person: luna
person: jake
person: nikki
person: donald trump
person: maria
person: brodie
person: gil,
person: cumming
person: bratton
person: clinton
person: ezra
person: marion cotillard
person: krystie
person: tony morrison's
person: nader
person: connie
person: sally
person: kyrie
person: frye
person: corey
person: mullahs
person: bernie
person: trump
person: elaine
person: opv
person: hammer
person: roseanne
person: piper
person: hillary's
person: agreement esther
person: ag lynch
person: hillary
person: john
person: harambe
person: a.j.
person: sung kang
person: sung kang
person: ashleigh
person: trump
person: jk
person: george soros
person: donald trump
person: j.cole
person: trump
person: de blasio
person: trump
person: david cook
person: diane
person: trump
person: trump's
person: skyler
person: steve blum
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: clinton
person: javier
person: clinton
person: bernie sanders
person: ron artest
person: bert
person: berts
person: cuomo
person: rt skelos
person: tom hardy
person: nathaniel clyne
person: bryan
person: lenard ben
person: lambright
person: joe
person: clinton
person: trump
person: demarco
person: kendra
person: uzi
person: trump
person: trump.
person: grace rolek
person: hrc
person: my mom
person: bernie
person: colmes
person: hillary
person: trump
person: charlotte
person: chris
person: tom
person: reynolds
person: jim
person: trump jr.
person: hillary
person: kaytra
person: vegeta's
person: trump jr.
person: rashford
person: authur
person: wendy
person: hillary
person: netanyahu
person: nawaz sharif
person: amanda 
person: kate
person: stephen colbert's
person: donald trump
person: trump's
person: cruz
person: 'miz martin
person: obama
person: harry's
person: jalen
person: jason bourne
person: traviss
person: vicky
person: wright
person: the game
person: kate hartley
person: trump
person: dr. seuss
person: collins
person: obama
person: sega
person: tina
person: ms. vegas
person: obama
person: mclaren
person: aapl mclaren
person: april
person: ed
person: rick
person: michael jordan
person: bodie
person: antigone
person: professor's
person: ricardo quaresma
person: katie
person: shonda
person: wright
person: reyes
person: nei's revis james
person: donald trump
person: stan fischers
person: mamie parris
person: judy
person: (luke cage
person: trump
person: vaqara vi vala
person: darrelle revis
person: revis
person: hillary clinton
person: ava
person: dee
person: wr corey coleman
person: hillary
person: richard
person: trump
person: vivienne
person: miranda
person: hrc
person: danilo
person: bale
person: marcelo
person: lucious
person: trump
person: mat karkeys
person: carlos
person: huelskamp
person: neil degrasse
person: chip kelly
person: juanito
person: chelsea
person: chelsea
person: hillary
person: trump
person: franks
person: mean fiddler
person: obama's
person: obama
person: hillary
person: tom
person: manny blanco
person: hillary
person: francessca
person: melissa
person: oldonna
person: madonna's
person: state-sponsored actor
person: dawabshe
person: jimbo
person: kelly
person: madonna
person: flopga
person: kobani
person: jarabulus
person: kobani
person: nancy pelosi
person: george soros
person: loney
person: loney
person: natasha
person: shane
person: scar-jo
person: terry
person: jacobite
person: claire's
person: busiek
person: shane 
person: trump
person: the game
person: matthew burnside
person: trump
person: gary sanchez
person: to sergio leone
person: leone
person: matz
person: jenni
person: lorenzo
person: stu
person: tj rivera
person: gabriel ynoa
person: -julia
person: trump
person: trump
person: ben
person: josh innes
person: franklin
person: brittany
person: ian astbury
person: trump
person: clintons
person: glenn reynolds
person: camellia
person: bernie sanders
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: heather
person: assad
person: putin
person: hillary
person: bazan
person: glen reynolds
person: glen reynolds
person: kaloyeros
person: ron's
person: trump
person: randy
person: kerry
person: norbert
person: hurt
person: hilary clinton
person: zach galifinakis
person: renan barao
person: trump's
person: doncorleone
person: tj bridges
person: merkel
person: jvg
person: donald trump
person: lenard ben
person: drake
person: evgeni malkin
person: amanda
person: trump
person: andy
person: lenard ben
person: nick
person: hillary's
person: lenard ben
person: seanhannity
person: lowell
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: trump
person: gov greg abbott
person: pottermore
person: clinton
person: obama
person: obama
person: phil
person: sean hannity
person: clinton
person: wells
person: david's
person: gwen
person: reyna
person: david
person: matt
person: draymond green
person: trisha
person: albert
person: brian
person: anthony weiner
person: mark
person: doc
person: bernie
person: moises alou
person: anne bancroft
person: hillary clinton's
person: jessica valenti
person: hilarity
person: keelan
person: billys
person: rudy guliani
person: trump
person: brady
person: trump
person: hill
person: obama
person: kaepernick
person: debbie
person: hillary
person: hudson horns
person: deb
person: clintons
person: arnold schwarzenegger
person: james corrigan
person: timbaland
person: michelle obama
person: tony todd
person: trump
person: colin kaepernick
person: trump
person: john judis
person: bakke
person: benjy
person: benjy
person: trump
person: ryan newman
person: newton
person: trump jr.
person: mohammad
person: cam
person: prince william
person: prince william
person: brangelina
person: sasha
person: trump
person: obama
person: ccw
person: pepe pinton
person: weiner
person: jamie
person: sophie's
person: barbra streisand
person: denis
person: lowell
person: dr. k  alain kaloyeros
person: bernie
person: trump
person: kim
person: rebecca laden
person: noah
person: david
person: mrs phillips
person: trump
person: lucy
person: david
person: corey feldman
person: shazam
person: wonder woman
person: zum schneider
person: hymie
person: gigi hadid
person: zimmerman
person: rich piana
person: donald trump
person: clinton
person: ray kelly
person: abby
person: zoey
person: anthony weiner
person: mary matalin
person: ming-na
person: fury
person: barb
person: barb
person: clinton
person: clinton
person: aurlie
person: amelie
person: alex
person: obama
person: dalai lama
person: dalai lama
person: vic
person: fetty
person: howard
person: trump
person: layla
person: andrea
person: cole
person: cole
person: weeknd
person: putin
person: putin
person: cole
person: cole
person: cole
person: trump jr.
person: clinton
person: trump
person: mom
person: mom
person: alma ata
person: mike pence
person: donald trump
person: donald trump
person: emtiaz
person: trump jr.
person: trump
person: elizabeth simins
person: bobby knight
person: michael jordan
person: christopher schmaling
person: juan
person: gronk
person: cuban
person: watkins
person: trump
person: chris
person: trump
person: trump
person: adam mehis
person: christie
person: jacoby brissett
person: jim carrey
person: adam jones
person: jeter
person: hitler
person: biggie
person: jesus
person: sarah
person: craig
person: trump
person: trump
person: mohammed
person: satin
person: brits
person: legs mcneil
person: danny fields
person: tianna g
person: trump
person: marcuccilli
person: joe
person: lbj's
person: gt
person: clinton
person: beau
person: trump
person: niko
person: scott
person: nat wolff
person: ryan perriloux
person: josh freeman
person: finn cole
person: jeter's
person: bertha
person: steve aoki
person: syndergaard
person: juan
person: juan
person: mike judges
person: ryan
person: margot
person: margot
person: trump jr
person: kelly
person: peter
person: barry
person: titus
person: valencia
person: nani
person: mark
person: mcgill
person: shanahan
person: jane jacobs
person: calvin
person: stein
person: trump
person: natalie
person: jack
person: shareblue
person: trump
person: isaiah washington
person: trump
person: phil kessel
person: trump
person: trump
person: john
person: fab
person: winston churchill
person: rodgers
person: jeb
person: obama
person: ed ruscha
person: benny
person: noah
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: putin
person: kart,
person: alyssa edwardian tangents
person: mr. y
person: james spader
person: yuriko robinson
person: yuri
person: brenden eich
person: phil
person: naruto
person: mark
person: malcolm mitchell
person: lance
person: clinton
person: putin
person: ruslan provodnikov
person: ruslan
person: collins
person: mccourty
person: hightower
person: samantha
person: huma
person: hillary clinton
person: hilderbeast
person: slava rabinovich
person: clintons
person: bernie maddoff
person: trump's
person: brandon
person: hillary
person: mary
person: o/bama
person: jr
person: donald trump jr.
person: grim
person: edelman
person: kate hudson
person: kate hudson
person: with zach galifianakis: hillary clinton
person: chelsea clinton
person: evan peters
person: evan
person: hillary
person: jack
person: jeanne
person: juan
person: james
person: alexis
person: trump
person: steve harrigan
person: george soros
person: molloy
person: pinker's
person: trump
person: jacoby brissett
person: jesus christ
person: hillary
person: cam
person: janus
person: brady
person: gordon freeman k
person: tyga
person: david lynch
person: trump
person: shaheen
person: trump
person: dale
person: bruce
person: fdrs
person: gary
person: brady
person: jeff
person: jesus
person: sam
person: lyle lanley
person: kari
person: browning
person: osweiler
person: frankie
person: sam
person: beyonc
person: putin
person: trump
pet: mochi
pet: menchi
person: hillary
person: nolan's
person: nolans
person: the donald
person: jenn
person: cueto
person: trump
person: ameriie
person: obama
person: hillary
person: riddler
person: cris cyborg
person: denver
person: trump16
person: trump
person: terry collins
person: reed
person: bill belichick
person: lombardi
person: trump
person: trump
person: molly
person: sharm
person: clinton
person: holder
person: ces
person: coughlin
person: bill's
person: caroline's
person: nia
person: hannah
person: mlk
person: cuomo
person: alex
person: alex
person: piper
person: joe buck
person: ginny
person: sam
person: ellsbury
person: brisset
person: god
person: commander kodester
person: clinton
person: brissett
person: charles k ross
person: god
person: maikel franco
person: leo
person: hillary
person: terry
person: david
person: wenger
person: maikel franco
person: terrys
person: loney
person: belichick
person: terry
person: leah
person: hillary
person: stein
person: hillary
person: trump
person: selena
person: reyes
person: jessica jones
person: jay bruce
person: nathan
person: hamilton
person: barb
person: hannah montana
person: nicole
person: paul
person: ikj
person: hannah montana
person: jk
person: mr. hultz
person: cuomo
person: crutchers
person: jesse palmer
person: carson
person: pratt
person: ainsley hayes
person: ginny baker
person: donald
person: cory
person: serrano
person: jordan holman
person: sasha
person: overwhelm
person: oliver
person: julia
person: hillary
person: steph
person: gronk
person: kelvin benjamin
person: matt
person: nana abe
person: angelica
person: jj watt
person: jj
person: shama junejo
person: sarah k
person: potus
person: junior
person: vin scully
person: hannah montana
person: jay bruce
person: jay
person: angel
person: dave
person: kessel
person: nicole
person: kanye
person: trump
person: jessica
person: tannehill
person: tannehill
person: kaepernick
person: trump
person: rachel maddow
person: malcolm butler
person: hopkins
person: jacoby brissett
person: lamar miller
person: ronny
person: ron
person: dembe
person: dembe
person: james
person: leila
person: dave
person: belichick
person: collin
person: mitt romney
person: belichek
person: caitlyn jenner
person: trump
person: lagarrette
person: edelman
person: brissett
person: chris
person: belichick
person: trump
person: keuchel
person: trump
person: billie joe armstrong
person: terry collins
person: soros
person: obi's
person: pats
person: mark
person: hillary
person: bonnie
person: belichick
person: brady
person: pats
person: rick smith
person: jeurys
person: brock osweiler
person: houston
person: nat
person: jim halpert
person: rich
person: turrell
person: osweiler
person: osweiler
person: melania
person: mr.ripley
person: brock
person: trump
person: mohamed
person: pablo
person: jimmy bigtree
person: nicole
person: ott
person: jim henderson
person: henderson
person: keith's
person: aj ellis
person: gronk
person: trump
person: pedro feliciano
person: kershaw
person: cabrera
person: goodell
person: tracy
person: hillary
person: brennan
person: dave
person: cam
person: rainey
person: kelly
person: patrick
person: john mauldin
person: cabrera
person: trump
person: bucky
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: ron
person: obama
person: alfredo brillembourg
person: nathan
person: mei
person: kevin
person: goebbels
person: mikes
person: julie andrews
person: zuckerberg
person: johnson
person: yohji
person: dr king
person: juice
person: brady
person: hillary
person: hb
person: curry
otherperson: black protester
person: kawhi
person: harry b
person: kawhi
person: hb
person: lashauwn beyond
person: kawhi
person: joey
person: kap
person: hillarys
person: milo yiannapolous
person: fictional jesus
person: dave
person: william henry harrison
person: bellichit
person: belichick
person: danielle
person: danielle
person: baad koi
person: conor mcgregor
person: hillary
person: bernie
person: bernie
person: amy
person: amy
person: delilah
person: alicia
person: jared
person: delilah
person: delpo
person: mike
person: shabnam lone
person: stefano's
person: andre
person: tony
person: james
person: congressman
person: randy moss
person: curtis hanson
person: jonathan bond
person: blake
person: raf
person: james
person: megan rapinoe
person: clinton
person: justin
person: hillary
person: jesuss
person: benny
person: benjamin netanyahu
person: donald trump
person: ender
person: alex
person: michael jackson
person: jerry
person: trump
person: obama
person: hillary clinton
person: trump
person: hillary clinton
person: clinton
person: hillary clinton's
